Airline Name | Title | Rating | Verified | Review_Text

Air China | "the comfort is a big no"  | 1 | Not Verified | Old plane, very uncomfortable! I never had such a small plane with no room for you feet for this long duration of flight (13+hours). Food was okay, but the comfort is a big no! Never flying again with this airline.
Air China | "Worst business class seat" | 1 | Not Verified | Worst business class seat in the business. Plane must have dated to the 80s.  Dirty carpet and smelled. Nothing like you see on YouTube. I would avoid this airline at all cost if flying business.
Air China | "the most uncomfortable flights" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | This was one of the most uncomfortable flights I have ever been on. I had initially booked with Cathay Pacific (flight CX6122) from Hong Kong to Chengdu, expecting their usual high standards. However, it turned out to be a joint flight operated by Air China (flight 412), and the experience was disappointing. The plane felt old-fashioned (A320-200), with cramped seats, no in-flight entertainment, no Wi-Fi, and little legroom. The cleanliness was lacking, and the quality of the food was disappointing. Adding to the discomfort, some passengers were loud, others were inconsiderate, and the cabin was filled with foul odors. When I asked the crew for help, I was surprised that the flight attendants could not speak English, which made communication difficult. Fortunately, after trying to communicate with two of them, a third flight attendant came. She spoke English and was kind and helpful, and eventually moved my daughter and me to better seats. Upon landing, several passengers ignored basic etiquette, got up prematurely, and acted in a disruptive manner. This flight was more like a crowded public bus than a flying experience. While Cathay Pacific is a reputable airline, the codeshare partnership with Air China could be damaging to its brand. I hope they reconsider these arrangements to maintain their high standards.
Air China | "Very bad service" | 1 | Not Verified | The only advantage of this airline is that it has on-time flying times. Other than that, very disappointing. Jakarta to Shanghai flight with transit in Beijing. Imagine, a transit that was originally 2 hours 45 minutes was rescheduled to 2 hours 15 minutes, even during transit we had to take care of moving our own baggage. Our family ended up going to pieces taking care of everything in a very short time. Other airlines, if baggage transfer during transit is handled by themselves, they will give a warning. Meanwhile this is not listed. We feel like we were cheated. When we returned from Tokyo to Jakarta, we had a 24 hour transit in Beijing. The information we got was that we could get a 24h free entry visa, but apparently we couldn't for unclear reasons. Finally we couldn't check in at the hotel we had booked and my money was forfeited. Because I landed in Beijing at 9 pm.  There are no transit hotels at Beijing airport. The staff who were asked did not understand. Once there is a "Paid Lounge" the prices are very unreasonable. The price set is around 3.7 million rupiah for a full day! 2 million rupiah for just 5 hours! And that's the only hotel there is, there are no other hotels. Other airlines provide transit hotels if the transit lasts more than a few hours! Finally, our family was like homeless people waiting 24 hours for our next flight! I will not use this airline again. Very bad service!  Keunggulan maskapai ini hanya waktu terbang yang ontime. Lain dari itu sangat mengecewakan. Penerbangan Jakarta to Shanghai dengan transit di Beijing. Bayangkan, transit yang awalnya 2 jam 45 menit di reschedule menjadi 2 jam 15 menit, pada saat transit pun kita harus mengurus perpindahan bagasi sendiri. Kami sekeluarga akhirnya kocar kacir mengurus semuanya dengan waktu yg sangat singkat. Maskapai lain, jika perpindahan bagasi saat transit diurus sendiri, mereka akan memberikan peringatan. Sedangkang ini tidak dicantumkan. Kami merasa seperti tertipu. Pada saat kepulangan kami dari Tokyo ke Jakarta, kami transit 24jam di Beijing. Informasi yg kami dapatkan, kita bisa mendapatkan visa free entry 24h, tapi ternyata tidak bisa dengan alasan yg tidak jelas. Akhirnya kami tidak bisa check in di hotel yang sudah kami booking dan uang saya hangus. Karna saya landing di Beijing pada pukul 9 malam.  Di dalam bandara Beijing pun tidak ada hotel transit. Para staff yang di tanya tidak ada yg mengerti. Sekalinya ada "Paid Lounge" harganya sangat2 tidak masuk akal. Harga yang dipasang skeitar 3,7 juta rupiah untuk full day! 2 juta rupiah untuk 5jam saja! Dan itu hanya satu2nya hotel yg ada, tidak ada hotel lain. Maskapai lain memberikan hotel transit jika transit lebih dari sekian jam! Akhirnya kami sekeluarga seperti gelandangan menunggu 24 jam penerbangan kami selanjutnya! Saya tidak akan menggunakan maskapai ini lagi. Pelayanan sangat busuk sekali!
Air China | "flight was very comfortable" | 8 | ✅ Trip Verified | First time travelled with Air China long haul. Being British with links to Hong Kong, we’ve mostly travelled with British Airways and Cathay Pacific in the past. With our holiday planning to Japan we had come across the attractive airfare offered by Air China in comparison with other well known international airlines. At first we were worried about the quality of flight experience and even fellow travellers on the planes. After reading on line reviews and watching You Tube clips. The thing that helped us make our decision wasn’t the price alone but the fact we could make a visa free 3 day stay over in Shanghai on our transit back to London. Basically two holidays in one trip. In my personal experience with Air China, we travelled on A350-900 aircraft to Shanghai. The flight was very comfortable, legroom was more than other airlines we travelled with on Economy. My daughter suffered from severe travel sickness and could not eat so they put a special sticker to show that. The flight attendants were very caring and attentive towards her. The toilets were well maintained compared to other airlines towards the end of the flight would be really dirty. Food was nothing special but not awful , good enough to keep you from being starved. Transit from Shanghai Pudong to Japan Narita was 3 hours but did not feel too long whereas in reality the whole trip (2 legs) were quite tiring indeed. We checked in on line with no problems however one of the legs did require us to collect our boarding passes from the airport rather than getting QR code to use from our mobile phones. Pudong to Narita was on a smaller aircraft and older but nothing to complain about as the in flight service was just as good. On our way returning to London, we encountered a little from at Narita . Although we had paid and reserved our chosen seats the system did not show that and two of us had been moved to less desirable seats further back. We explained the situation at the checkin counter and the ground staff sorted it efficiently offering us seats that were even better than the ones we originally chose. We had a seamless stay over in Shanghai for 3 days, luggage were collected at Pudong without any problems. The return flight from Pudong to London Gatwick was just as great. I hope people who have read negative stuff about Air China can give them a go to experience how good they really are. Do not get put off by some bad reviews they may have read on line.
Air China | "food was wonderful" | 8 | Not Verified | The flight was great! However, it could still improve. Bring your own tablets as the IFE systems were kind of laggy and the choices were very limited. The seats were quite hard and on my 2nd flight, the seat recline was broken, so I had to manually force it back to the original position. The food was wonderful and so were the staff.
Air China | “flight attendants were kind” | 7 | Not Verified | Pros——- The flight attendants were kind and helped us with the wifi for 15 minutes. Very helpful, =mindful and demure. The food was great, I was not expecting that. Legroom was wonderful. Me being 1.83m, there was easily lots of legroom. Theseat was hard, IFE sucked and dirty floors.
Air China | "experience was appalling" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Today at Kansai Airport, my experience with Air China at counter 25 was appalling. The staff member on duty, demonstrated an unacceptable level of rudeness and complete disregard for customer service. They were dismissive, unhelpful, and unprofessional, causing significant delays and making an already stressful travel situation even worse. I expect much better from an international airline, especially at a major hub like Kansai. Passengers deserve respect, efficiency, and professionalism, none of which were provided by Air China today.
Air China | "the toilets were filthy" | 5 | Not Verified | I flew from Beijing to Geneva for over ten hours last week. Everything was ok, reasonable except for the toilets, which were filthy. Passengers used them all the time, and I don't think the flight attendants were cleaning them properly. I only used them once, and after that the whole flight I had to hold in the urge to pee, which was really bad.
Air China | "I will never fly with them again" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Both international planes were probably the dirtiest I have ever seen. To give you examples, the bathroom shelves were covered in dust and old hairs. The main ceiling looked like it had mould on it. The padding on the chairs (which did not look too old) was so thin that I could feel the plastic backing (much worse than Ryanair etc). The food was terrible - the cooked part was like something from a very cheap microwave meal. The server said they had run out of wine (this is an international flight!) and then when he opened the drawer, I saw a bottle unopened. I have flown many times in many countries in Asia but I’ve never heard a safety announcement spend time explaining how you could be arrested for various unknown crimes. International Air China flights have security agents walking around carrying cameras. I will never fly with them again and suggest nobody does.
Air France | "does business class very well" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Air France does business class very well. Other than the economy style seats for business class flights within Europe, the rest of the business class experience is top notch. Incredible service, great food and drinks offered for a short flight and a fabulous airline lounge in CDG Terminal 2F. Airport staff at both CDG and MRS airports were professional and courteous during the Sky Priority check-in areas. Highly recommend flying business class with AF.
Air France | "Great service on a full flight" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Great service on a full flight. Although the flight was short (45 minutes in the air), the cabin crew served a (free) sandwich (Mediterranean vegetable flavour) and a choice of drink. This is more than their main competitor provides on this route. The crew was cheerful and friendly and carried out their duties efficiently. I was pleased to see they enforced their own safety rules- asking people to disconnect USB cables during take-off and landing (as it would be a trip hazard in an emergency). Despite taking off late from Heathrow (partly due to slow boarding as there was too much hand luggage in the cabin, and partly airport traffic congestion), we still arrived on time in Paris. Based on this experience, I would be willing to fly Air France again and perhaps transit through Paris to long haul destinations.
Air France | "requested flight cancellation compensation"  | 5 | ✅ Trip Verified | ORD-CDG economy return. Flight to CDG was uneventful. Flight back was cancelled, I was rerouted via JFK on DL. The issues started when I requested flight cancellation compensation, as per EU law. I submitted my US bank account details, and AF told me that they tried to transfer the money, but the transfer was "rejected". Did not respond when I asked for details. I do not buy this. Now they promised to send the money to my daughter's account in the UK. Hopefully this will work.
Air France | "excellent customer service" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | My son was travelling on Kids Solo as an unaccompanied Minor with a 1h40 stop over in Paris. The departure from Dublin was delayed by 1 hour. The agents Mustafa and Laura at the check in counter went out of their way to arrange a new flight with KLM arriving half an hour earlier than the original flight. They were extremely helpful and understanding. We were very impressed with their professional approach and excellent customer service.
Air France | "never fly Air France again" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | My flight was canceled last minute, causing major disruptions to my travel plans. Instead of taking responsibility, Air France has been giving me the runaround for compensation that I am entitled to. Their customer service is a complete joke, long wait times, dismissive agents, and endless excuses. After weeks of back-and-forth, they continue to deny compensation with vague, copy-paste responses. It’s clear they have no intention of following the law or treating customers fairly. This airline has absolutely no respect for its passengers, they take your money and then leave you stranded when things go wrong. I will never fly Air France again.
Air France | “the food was appalling” | 1 | Not Verified | Air France is without any doubt one of the worst airlines you possibly choose. I've flown with them once and I'll never fly with Air France again. The in-flight food was atrocious, considering that the French brag about their cuisine the food was appalling. The service on the flight was terrible, the cabin crew tried their very hardest to ignore you as much as possible. I booked a premium economy ticket and the was expecting a comfortable flight. The reclining function was broken and the seat was extremely uncomfortable. I was offered a £50 voucher for the inconvenience. I find their "goodwill offer" of a voucher to be quite unbelievable and the audacity they have to think that I'd ever fly with them again. So in retaliation for their abysmally poor service I'll take it upon myself to inform as many people as possible about their terrible airline.
Air France | "Tedious experience generally" | 4 | ✅ Trip Verified | The onboard service was lacklustre and there were long intervals between service. Food took 4 hours to serve after take off. Fish dish was dried out. Crew took long time to respond to call button when they missed servings and sometimes did not respond at all. No seat cover provided which would have improved seat comfort. Bizarre provision of slippers too small for anyone with size 8+. Tedious experience generally.
Air France | "a wonderful experience" | 1 | Not Verified | I flew with Air France from Vancouver to CDG, onward to Seville on Feb 7/8, and then return Madrid to Vancouver via CDG / Paris on Feb 23rd. Air France is now my definite top choice for Canada to Europe. Their business class way exceeds Air Canada, Turkish, and any other European carrier. I’ve done around 4 trips, almost all in business. Their food & wine quality is restaurant quality, very inventive & extremely good. On my Vancouver to Paris Feb 7th flight, Agnes was my main flight attendant. Her service was impeccable. Similarly my return flight Paris to Vancouver was also very good, flight attendants all excellent, focused & with very high levels of service. The A350 is a beautiful cabin. I got to sit in 1A coming back, and that felt like a first class seat, with extra room at bulk head pod & sliding door. I love how Air France sets up a little refreshment area during rest times. I’m Star Alliance generally, but for Europe, an Air France convert. Take note Lufthansa, you have a long way to catch up, and although I’ve had kind attendants and service on AC biz class, the food & wine quality does not compare to Air France, Merci beaucoup, Air France, and mademoiselle Agnes for her kindness on my flight over, and for the wonderful service I received. Their lounges are a bit crowded, but the quality is very good and again for food/drink, showers, rest areas. What a wonderful experience, I hope to fly again with them soon!!!
Air France | "Not a great experience | 7 | Not Verified | Check in at Libreville was chaotic. Eventually someone pointed out that the Business Class check in was hidden elsewhere in the airport. The incoming aircraft was late and therefore the departure was delayed. On boarding I discovered that my assigned seat was non-existent and that I had been assigned a different seat. The seat was not that wide and rather uncomfortable at the lie flat position. Not a great experience. The second leg CDG - LHR I have no complaints about.
Air France | "Air France was nothing short of a disaster" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | As a producer for Discovery Channel documentaries, where scheduling is as tight as budgets, I depend heavily on airlines to uphold their schedules. Unfortunately, my recent experience with Air France was nothing short of a disaster, showcasing a complete breakdown in both service and accountability. Our flight from LHR to CDG to SXM on January 10th started with arriving at LHR at the early hour of 3:15 AM for a 6:20 AM departure. The check-in process did not commence until 4:00 AM, and from then until 5:45 AM, absolutely nothing progressed. The Air France staff were visibly present but unhelpful, offering no explanations for the delay nor managing the growing line of anxious passengers. Despite multiple inquiries, the only information provided was about a computer malfunction. No alternative solutions were offered. Check-ins were eventually processed manually using cell phones, which was inefficient and caused significant delays. Our flight, as a result, left over five hours late. Due to the initial delay, we were forced to find and book an alternate flight to reach our destination, which was essential to keep our production on track. This not only added stress but also financial strain to our tightly budgeted project. On our return trip, Air France added insult to injury by charging us an additional 1,000 euros due to the missed original flight, blaming us for a problem they created. The return flight was no better, with a detour for refueling and another delay in Paris before finally arriving late in London. Throughout this ordeal, not once did any Air France representative offer a genuine apology or a practical solution, effectively stranding us without care. After these multiple failures, seeking compensation or even an acknowledgment of the inconvenience from Air France has been an uphill battle. The lack of empathy and assistance from their customer service is appalling, with representatives implying that the fault was ours for not tolerating their inefficiency. This experience has been a sobering reminder of how a company should not operate. Air France’s disregard for customer service and basic accountability has not only resulted in financial losses for our production but also an incredible waste of time and energy. I strongly advise against booking with Air France if your travel plans require reliability and professional service.
Air India | "I am still waiting for the money" | 2 | ✅ Trip Verified | On our return flight I had an unserviceable seat. I was told at the gate that I would be getting financial compensation. On Feb 6th the compensation figure was agreed as below email, but I am still waiting for the money. "We have reviewed your booking records and would like to inform you that our airport team has already offered you a compensation travel voucher valued at INR 81,998. This voucher can be used towards various services on Air India, including ticket bookings, airport upgrades, and excess baggage. It is valid for one year from the date of issue and can be redeemed at Air India Booking Offices or Airport Ticketing Offices. If you prefer to receive a refund of the EMD directly to your bank account, please provide your bank details in the format below so we can proceed. We appreciate your understanding and look forward to assisting you further. Thank you for contacting Air India, and we hope to provide you with a better experience on your future travels."
Air India | "extra charges for reallocation of seats" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | I booked 4 tickets for myself and my family members. At the time of booking air tickets specific seat was allotted in free category but at the time of check in, seats were changed by allotting all seats in separate rows. On contacting the customer care, they demanded extra charges for reallocation of seats. They claimed that they have right to change the seats without any notice and if we desire to make all family members to sit together they we have to pay extra money. It was an extortion like situation.
Air India | "an absolute nightmare" | 1 | Not Verified | I booked a ticket with Air India to travel from San Francisco to Kathmandu via Delhi, but this journey turned out to be an absolute nightmare. The flight was delayed by over 25 hours. While delays can happen, what matters most is how passengers are treated — and sadly, Air India showed no concern at all. There was no clear communication. Passengers were left in confusion, with no arrangements for hotel, food, or transport. When we asked what would happen next, we were casually told, “You’ll fly after two more days.” This kind of irresponsible and careless behavior caused severe mental stress. For an international airline to treat passengers this way is truly shameful. No proper support, no updates, and only false promises. This was my first and definitely my last time flying with Air India. I strongly urge all travelers: if you value your time, money, and peace of mind — avoid Air India. There are far better airlines out there.
Air India | "how the mighty have fallen" | 3 | ✅ Trip Verified | This was my first and possibly last flight with Air India. The trouble started on boarding when I was told by one of the ground staff that contrary to my booking and boarding pass I was no longer seated in 1A. When I asked why he didn't answer. So I boarded and sat in 1A and watched the circus erupt around me as people argued about who was sitting where. Then there was the meal service, putting aside the meal itself, I could not believe this airline serves business class meals without even a glass of water. Air India use an A320 for this flight which is ridiculous when compared to the competition. The flight is just over 4 hours and the seat barely reclines. But all this pales into insignificance when compared with my arrival into Delhi. After driving around the airport taxiways for over 30min to a gate with an aerobridge, we sat waiting until it was announced we would deplane from stairs at the galley. Now, I suffer from terminal metastatic grade 4 cancer and need a wheelchair to get around airports. Something I confirm with airlines when booking flights. The cabin crew assured me this had been taken care of and there would be a representative from ground support at the bottom of the stairs with a wheelchair. To my surprise, they were true to their word and he was there. However, I was wheeled all of about 2 metres when I was asked to get out of the chair and board a bus. That was the last time I saw him or the wheelchair. The bus then arrived at a dimly lit doorway and I managed to find 3 ground staff, each with an empty wheelchair. When I asked if one was for me they looked rather dumbfounded then politely replied no. Not one to surrender that easily I pushed the point and informed them a wheelchair has been arranged and without it I was unable to get to my next flight. It was at this moment that one of them asked to see my ticket. Now, when was the last time you saw an actual airline ticket? Needless to say I thought I must have misheard him so I asked him to repeat the question – and no I had heard him correctly the first time. To cut a long story short my patience by this stage had evaporated and let’s just say I was soon being wheeled to my next flight. They tell me back in the day, Indian Airlines was one of the best. Oh how the mighty have fallen.
Air India | "inflight entertainment was not working" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | I have flown 4 times within the last year, and on each occasion the inflight entertainment was not working for one reason or another. I complained to Air India customer services and they offer a measly £15 on a ticket which cost over £1000. A small compensation for such an inconvenience doesn't seem adequate. Keep your £15 its an insult i won't fly air India again.
Air India | "Extremely disappointing experience" | 3 | Not Verified | Extremely disappointing experience. Our journey started with AI480 from Amritsar to Delhi, followed by AI239 from Delhi to the Maldives. The Delhi to Maldives flight was postponed, and we were left stranded at the airport for over 9 hours with no proper assistance or support. Traveling with a baby made this extremely exhausting and stressful. On our return flight (AI240 from Maldives to Delhi), the flight got delayed again, and the nightmare continued. A representative came to pick us up before immigration, yet we still missed the flight. The staff simply said we couldn’t board and offered no real help or accountability. We had to stay overnight again at the airport with our baby and only got a flight the next morning. Air India’s customer service was completely unprofessional, unorganized, and lacked basic empathy. No one took responsibility, and there was zero concern for the passengers’ comfort or well-being—let alone that of an infant. Never flying Air India again. If you're a family traveling with young children, I highly suggest choosing another airline.
Air India | "your last choice for air travel" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Air India should be your last choice for air travel. Firstly they delayed the flight for one hour which resulted in me unable to catch my connection flight. They rebooked me for another one but what about the taxi i booked for my pickup and the meetings i had to attend?  All meals are the same and no salt packets was included in the meals.  I Asked for the options for canned pop drinks, and air hostess replied they don't have any canned pop drinks at the moment. Later they told me they found some and gave me later on.  After the meal, they offered us coffee and i asked if they can fill my cup a bit more as i drink a lot of coffee and Air hostess replied that she can't do that as she has to give it to other customers as well and if i want more than i have to come to the back of the plane myself to grab some as she won't be able to serve me.  My flight was for 14 hrs Non-stop and infotainment system was not working. Air india stands strong on its horrible food, no customer service, not working infotainment system and many more.  After reaching Delhi i waited for 3 hours and then went for boarding my connecting flight at 3:45 because boarding hasn't started at 3:15. and still that person told me that it tells that it will still take more than 15-20 mins to start boarding.
Air India | “Worst Service” | 1 | Not Verified | Worst Service. I am an 80 yrs old lady with knee issues, not provided pre booked wheel chair at Toronto. Refused to help me to get my medicine & food from my over head bag. Not provided water or tea even after couple of requests. Don't travel on this Airline.
Air India | "Broken seats with stained covers" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Booking Mostly smooth, except could not select seats and when selected, the selection would not be saved. Check-in Got reminder and was easy to conduct online check-in, except no boarding pass as the document verification is not online. Boarding Chaotic as boarding was not by zones, but first come first serve. So, lot of traffic jams in the isles and many people sitting in seats they were not assigned to. Broken seats with stained covers and strange smells. Handrests chipped, seatbacks cracked. Enough legroom. In-flight entertainment Many screens and controls not working, broken. Wireless entertainment worked smoothly, but no clear directions on how to access it. In-flight meals Very basic, many drink choices (e.g. gin and tonic) not available. Deplaning Long wait before people could get off, not sure if it was the ground staff or the plane Baggage check-in and collection Smooth. Got ontime notifications about baggage being loaded on different planes along the route. Collection was also easy.
Air India | "can’t carry more than 15 kg" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | I spoke to Air India call center before booking my flight as I had Thai airlines booked at 23:30 from Delhi to Sydney. I asked the lady am I allowed 25 kg plus 7 as I have connected international flight with Thai, she put on hold and replied yes you will be allowed 25 kg plus 7. When I reached Chandigarh airport the staff said no u can’t carry more than 15 kg, you can only carry 25 if you have connected international flight through Air India. I had to suffer and I miss my flight, she said you can board the flight without the luggage, which was a joke, I had to reissue my Thai ticket where I had to pay a penalty of $420 plus the fare I spend on this flight.
British Airways | "cost of Club Europe is hard to justify" | 6 | Not Verified | Good points, the cabin crew, they were helpful, professional and mature, Quantity and quality of food, cleanliness of the aircraft which was spotless Picture of a pub in the forward toilet and the flight was on time. BA's T3 lounge is just not anything special, mediocre at best, food options lacking, its Gatwick & T5 lounges are far more superior. On board usual poor seat pitch, the Club Europe product is inconsistent, no hot towels, menu given however food delivered on a trolley in the economy way, all the courses on one tray. No further bar offerings unless one used the call bell. Parked on remote stand at Krakow. On return Krakow - LHR Queued for twenty minutes at the Club Europe check in desk, the non-BA lounge was basic and at the late departure time of the flight, minimal food choices. On boarding Cramped into a bus and walked up on remote stand. No menus or hot towels, however meal orders taken individually and delivered direct from the Galley, seat uncomfortable, no wi-fi. Had to request tea after meal. Again inconsistency in service. The extra cost of Club Europe is hard to justify, there have been improvements in catering, however the product needs to be elevated to justify the cost.
British Airways | “well below that of Aegean" | 6 | Not Verified | It was a decent flight, reasonable comfortable seat and pilot kept us nicely informed about the flight's progress. BA serve biscuits and a small bottle of water for free. This was ok for me but sandwiches had run out from the in-flight cafe to the disappointment of passengers. Inflight wifi is limited and you have to pay to access music or programmes. BA's offering is well below that of Aegean and this level of service is not suitable for easterly destinations such as Larnaca. So I would certainly fly again with BA to Athens but only in the event Aegean has no seats or the fare is cheaper.
British Airways | "you can do better than this" | 5 | ✅ Trip Verified | I really like flying British Airways particularly in their new Club World. The seats are great, have a privacy screen, comfortable enough for sleeping and BA crew are engaging and high spirited. Clearly, they must have been short of them because the business class meal service didn’t even start until 2 hours into the flight. When I commented, I received a rather surly look. There was no apology just an off the cuff excuse about him being the only member of crew in this section of the cabin. This is not at all what I expect from BA particularly when you consider the price paid for the seat and the fact, they make you pay even more to just to choose where you sit. Come on BA – surely you can do better than this?
British Airways | "downgraded to economy"  | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Could not book online the night before because the system was down. Arrived early at airport to check in, to find our premium economy seats were downgraded to economy. What’s worse, the split my family so I, my wife, and autistic son sat separately. If I could give minus stars, I would. Shambles of an airline
British Airways | “staff were really engaged” | 7 | ✅ Trip Verified | Having had some rough experiences with BA in recent years, I did not look forward to this particular flight. However, it turned out to be a decent trip. The staff were really engaged and seemed to enjoy what they were doing. Food was acceptable, although there has to be other options than pasta or chicken on long-haul flights! Seating was good and the IFE worked well.
British Airways | "got it right on this flight"  | 9 | ✅ Trip Verified | This comfortable flight was BA at its best. Excellent start in the Chelsea Lounge with Krug behind the bar. Lounge hosts were welcoming and friendly, food not quite up to par but much better onboard. The First Suite is spacious and comfortable, and the two cabin crew were both experienced, friendly, professional and personable. They sprang to action quickly after takeoff, making beds or serving dinner as required. The menu was excellent with a well cooked beef fillet and delicious salmon starter. The new Nyetimber 1086 is an exceptionally good wine! Overall the service was well relaxed and intuitive. The cabin was  comfortably cool and I left the flight feeling refreshed. BA have made some poor choices of late with their loyalty programme, but their staff still shine and they really got it right on this flight.
British Airways | "exceeded my expectations" | 9 | ✅ Trip Verified | Punta Cana Terminal B check in was straightforward with separate Club World desks. Agent was polite, issued boarding cards, provided a voucher for the VIP lounge and explained how to find it. No fast track security unless you paid $50 per passenger but that was the airport, not BA. VIP lounge was comfortable but not quiet due to 3 crying babies but that's life! Flight boarding was on time, we were group 2 and it was well managed by gate staff Old style club world seating but the cabin was clean, cabin crew were on hand and offered champagne or orange juice, there was a bottle of water in the drawer with the White Company amenity pack. White Company duvet was clean in a sealed bag. Order for drinks was taken before take off. Drinks were served promptly followed by dinner which we ordered immediately after take off. My starter of cream of leek soup was delicious served with warm bread. I declined the main course as it was late (choice was fillet steak or shrimp linguine). Dessert was chocolate mousse or cheese and biscuits however they found both for me as I didn't have the main. Excellent pinot noir from South Africa, refills were offered. Following dinner I got about 5 hours sleep and found the lay flat bed comfortable but I am pretty small. The duvet and pillow were great. Breakfast was ho hum, no orange juice was offered, bircher muesli was fine, fruit wasn't ripe and was almost inedible. The muffin was very cold and dry, coffee okay. I declined the breakfast baguette. Excellent cabin staff and having read so many negative reviews the experience exceeded my expectations.
British Airways | "checkin was very rude to us" | 3 | ✅ Trip Verified | The employee at Venice Airport checkin was very rude to us. We made a mistake and got in the Gold or Silver line (as we didn’t see the sign) and when we got to the counter she scolded and berated us for being in the wrong line. She said we didn’t know how to read and would not let it go even after we apologized and said we would be happy to go to the end of the other line. She continued to be discourteous toward us and made us feel like we were terrible people. This was the very worst customer service we have experienced by an airline.
British Airways | "forced to check-in carry-ons"  | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | I had only 1 bag with me, a carry on trolley. Everyone one in boarding group 3 & 4 were forced to check-in their trolley carry-ons. They asked to take out any laptops, batteries, etc.... The woman at the boarding gate was very rude to me as I was explaining to her that this was my only bag and had nowhere to carry my laptop or other stuff that I need onboard. I tried to explain to her that the bag will not withstand being carried in the hold as it is fragile and showed her a crack from the one time I checked it in before. The bag was visibly small complying with the carry-on bag measurements.
British Airways | “Pleasant cabin crew” | 7 | ✅ Trip Verified | Check in and security at T5 quick. Both Galleries lounges pretty much at capacity, not able to access B gates lounge as short haul, A gates departure Food options reasonable. Bus to aircraft which was quite new. On time departure. Reasonable food and drink options. Pleasant cabin crew. Bags off quickly.
Lufthansa | "made to board a plane via bus" | 1 | Not Verified | During my arrival and transfer in Frankfurt. We were made to board a plane via bus on the tarmac and deboard due to cancellation. This was after a 4 hour delay. I was then re routed to Brussels making me a day late for Passover in Israel. Very poor customer service. Only chat bot available to handle issues.
Lufthansa | “I no longer can recommend this airline” | 4 | ✅ Trip Verified | I have significant international travel experience having been to over 40 countries. During the last 2+ years we fly only business class because of a medical service animal that is an Australian Shepard that has to be with my daughter. Since flying with her (the medical service animal) we have used British Airways, United, Air France (received a commendation certificate), KLM, Air Canada/West Jet, Porter and Ryanair. I always provide all the documents: medical service dog, Dr. requirement, Canadian Certification, Trainers letter, Export Document (CFIA certified), vaccine and blood work record (CFIA certified), health certificate and of course breed/weight and no incontinence for long periods of travel some up to 20 hours. I had not flown Lufthansa in roughly a decade and decided to give them a try since historically they had been great. What a shock! Their response was very slow taking over a week and then denied her requesting documents that were already provided to medical service. I resent the documents only to be left at pending. I called the Vancouver International Airport the day before our April 13th flight and was told she was confirmed. We arrive at the airport only to find out her status had not changed and being a Sunday no one was available in medical service to assist. We waited nearly 2 hours while Lufthansa workers tried desperately to help us without luck. Finally, a manager came down and said Lufthansa listed no documents received. At this point we are in panic mode but through her review of the documents asked me to email them directly to her. Upon receipt she removed the pending and we were able to board our flight to Croatia. This could have been catastrophic for both service animal and my daughter. I want to thank all those in Vancouver to assisted us and all on board attendance for their kindness and professionalism. I no longer can recommend this airline not only for their disregard for passenger health but also the quality of the pods, I have always only experience great sleep in business class and these were obviously very dated and once reclined I need attendant manual assistance to resume to the up right position several times. The over 9 hour flight had below average quality of food but non of this is reflective of the staff we actually met and spoke with but are all airline issues.
Lufthansa | "What a disappointing experience" | 5 | ✅ Trip Verified | What a disappointing experience. Our outbound flight was on SwissAir and the quality of the cabin and service was equal to Singapore Airlines which was code-shared. We were expecting something similar on our homebound flight with Lufthansa but as soon as we boarded it became obvious that this wasn't to be the case. The plane was old, I haven't seen one like it for at least ten years. We were in the upstairs cabin but there was no privacy between the seats and there was, bizarrely, a service station halfway down the cabin, so the stewardesses were plating food and scraping leftovers directly in front of our seats. The screens were small and not touch-screen so you had to use a wired hand-held device to move a cursor on the screen. I gave up trying to scroll through the options as it was so unresponsive. The food was uninspired. The flight staff were pleasant but not particularly friendly and we didn't see them at all between dinner and breakfast. They didn't help to set up our beds which were so narrow that you couldn't turn over and the bedding was thin and not very comfy. There was only one bathroom for 18 seats and the waste bin hadn't been emptied overnight so in the morning there was no space for towels etc. Suffice to say that we will not be flying Lufthansa business class again.
Lufthansa | "not given me a cent of reimbursement" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | I recently (March 2025) was on a business trip from US to Europe. The original flight was cancelled due to a strike in Frankfurt. I fly a lot, so not the first time. But this is when several red flags began to happen. The first red flag was Lufthansa did not offer an alternative flight. The only way to communicate with them was through a chat bot, there was no real person to talk to. The only options I had was to refund my flight and completely new book, which would have been insanely expensive or to update to another flight two days later for an additional $650. Why Lufthansa did not offer this update for free was beyond me to understand. Lufthansa refused to reimburse me these $650. I ended up paying more than $2,500 for a flight ticket from the East Coast of US to Frankfurt.  But it gets better. The first flight was a leg from Raleigh to Newark. That flight was delayed, which then led to me being rebooked on a Lufthansa flight from Newark to Munich, which also was delayed, which then led again for me to be rebooked on a different flight from Munich to Frankfurt. The funny part is that a United customer service agent was able to rebook me last minute on a flight to Germany on Lufthansa. Something that Lufthansa was not able to do two days earlier when their flight was cancelled! This last-minute rebooking of course also led to a downgrade of my booked class. I flew Economy.  Over this entire process, Lufthansa has lost my luggage. At that point, I only had two days in Europe anyways, but all the appointments that I cramped into those two days had to be cancelled, because I literally only had one change of cloth with me. Thankfully my mother lives in Germany, so I could rent a car and drive to my mother to stay until my luggage was found. At that point, I already has another flight to Asia, so I lost an entire week of work, thanks to Lufthansa. At the end of the day, I paid more than $2,500 for an economy class flight from Raleigh to Frankfurt, that was more than 48 hours too late, and during which my luggage was lost. Lufthansa has not given me a cent of reimbursement. Dealing with their customer service, which you only can reach via web portal, is an absolute pain. They expect you to know all the Lufthansa specific rules and regulations. It seems their main aim is not to satisfy their customer, but to save as much money as possible. I travel a lot for work, and I flew many many airlines in my life. I always looked forward to fly Lufthansa. But this experience has changed my mind. There are many other airlines that fly to Europe. They all have to deal with strikes, they all lose luggage sometimes. But every single airline I ever flew with, even the US based airlines, were friendlier and more helpful in their customer relations than Lufthansa. Lufthansa just lost a customer in me. And I don't wish for anyone to have the same experience.
Lufthansa | “still get the same amenities” | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Even though it was a short early morning flight, I still had a good experience with Lufthansa. I still get the same amenities, like bottled water and a Lindt Milk Chocolate bar with the Lufthansa logo. Other than that, there is nothing incredibly major to explain regarding issues.
Lufthansa | “what a finishing touch” | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | It's been seven years since I last flew on Lufthansa. I was fortunate enough to fly on Lufthansa for the first time in seven years, and the moment I got on that plane, I felt good. Because it was a short flight, I didn't have to worry about anything. But the best part was that I got a Milk Chocolate bar from Lindt, and what's nice is that they have a Lufthansa logo on it - what a finishing touch.
Lufthansa | "I have received nothing" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Not only did Lufthansa cancel our flight two days in a row, we had to deal with an incredible amount of chaos and confusion. At one point, TSA had to send us back to the Lufthansa counter because we were given boarding passes for the wrong day. It was the same chaos on every leg of our flights. In Naples, the gate attendant was rude and made no effort to have the plane board in an orderly fashion. Lufthansa promised to pay for at least a portion of the cost of the hotel room I booked when our first flight was cancelled. It has been almost three months since they promised to compensate me and I have received nothing. When I contacted them to ask about it, it took nearly a month for them to send me a form letter saying, "We're looking into it." I have heard nothing since and I have no hope of ever receiving the promised compensation.
Lufthansa | "they don't have alternative flights" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | On February 20th we travel from Zagreb to Dubai via Frankfurt, service, food, movie options etc was horrible. They cancelled our flights on March 1st and they just rebooked us on March 2nd without our permission. I decided to call their customer service by phone to find alternative flight on March 1st but they told me that they don't have alternative flights on March 1st. I tried to change my final destination to Venice or Ljubljana just to fly on same day as per our original schedule, but customer service said there was no any alternative options. So my family had been rebooked for the next day but without any accommodation. They told me that they will reimburse me for hotel. I have not request reimbursement yet but i will post new review if all will go smooth or i will need to spend days and days to solve my problems.
Lufthansa | "no-service experience"  | 2 | ✅ Trip Verified | A poor low cost experience with full service airline Lufthansa, for which I paid a high fare. Got a cup of water and a chocolate (10 gr). Kindly enough they let me have a second chocolate (because I nicely asked). In their Tourist Class (not that their intra-European Business Class is anything great much better), Lufthansa (& Co.) are nothing better than any other low cost airline when flying in Europe. The only difference is that most of the European low cost airlines are consistent, you get what you pay for and there are no surprises. Not with Lufthansa: pay higher fares, add luggage, seats etc and get the full no-service experience!
Lufthansa | "Wi-Fi never worked" | 2 | ✅ Trip Verified | Tokyo to Munich, more than 14h airborne. Legroom on A350 of Lufthansa is comparable to Ryanair. Pure and simple. However they thought a steep reclining angle of the seats would make it better. All you will get is your IFE screen 5cm from your head with no ability to grab anything from the bag under the seat in front. Lufthansa should be ashamed of themselves. Wi-Fi never worked, you couldn’t even connect and trigger the captive login page. They did not try to fix it and didn’t seem to care much as “it is not free anyway”. Well text messaging is free and that’s what 90% of people want. Generally the crew was unpleasant, dismissive, and looked like they would rather be anywhere other than here.  IFE was non responsive at first, had to be rebooted, and was still the slowest IFE I experienced but at least it works. However selection of content was decent with a lot of choice. 5 Had a look at the premium economy section when booking, and considered upgrading. However, when on the plane, it looks just as miserable as our section. There is not even a clear separation between the two, and you’re better off trying to get an extra legroom seat in economy. On the return of the same trip, almost missed my correspondence for the same reason.
Emirates | “they refused to made me a refund” | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | I had the worst experience at Miami on April 12, 2025. My trip was MIA-BOG. The people at the counter were very rude. I always use a small luggage as a personal item (under seat cabin bag), accepted at ALL airlines, but Emirates didn't accept it. When I told the counter agent that this baggage is accepted on all airlines as a personal item, he rudely told me that those were Emirates's rules and that in "someone else's home, the rules must be obey.” He also criticized me for traveling in economy class. Also, when I tried to buy in the app the extra baggage, I choose the extra baggage for the route MIA-BOG, but when I clicked "continue" the site changed the route to BOG-MIA. I noted the mistake when I receive the confirmation by email. Inmediatelly I called Emirates Customer Service but they refused to made me a refund. Now, I had to pay $100 at the counter and I lost the $130 that I paid in the app, because I don't need any extra bagagge for the route BOG-MIA. In addition to the unexpected expense, this experience ruined my trip.
Emirates | "Emirates is highly overrated" | 3 | ✅ Trip Verified | In my opinion, Emirates is highly overrated. It is often promoted as a top-tier airline, but my experience tells a different story. In economy class, the service is underwhelming at best. On this flight to Paris, I was nearly bumped to a later flight due to overbooking, and I had to insist firmly in order to be accommodated. The in-flight experience left much to be desired. The food was disappointing, the service was average, and the cabin felt overcrowded. I requested a glass of water which never arrived. I pressed the call button, but no one responded. Between Dubai and Paris, not once did the crew proactively offer water. As for business class – although I wasn’t flying in that cabin on this occasion, I have done so in the past – Emirates often charges a premium that is difficult to justify given the level of service compared to competitors. I also purchased a Wi-Fi session, which was advertised as high-speed internet. In reality, the download speed was just 2.82 Mbps and the upload speed only 1.78 Mbps – simply unacceptable. To add to the poor impression, the crew announced the wrong time upon arrival in Paris, a basic error that speaks to a lack of attention to detail. The cabin crew, for the most part, were unsmiling and disengaged. Overall, Emirates is no longer the exceptional airline it once was. In economy class, it feels more like a cattle car in the sky than a premium travel experience.
Emirates | "not be using them again" | 5 | ✅ Trip Verified | Having paid to choose our seats on this flight there was an aircraft change and we did not get the seats that we paid for. Despite several email and telephone calls Emirates have refused to refund what is a relatively small amount of money quoting ‘terms and conditions’, although their terms and conditions state that we are entitled to a refund. They used to be a good airline and we have flown with them fairly often. However we will not be using them again.
Emirates | "Seats were comfortable" | 7 | ✅ Trip Verified | An uneventful flight to Amsterdam. Catering was not the best this time: bland food and sides. We were served twice, it filled our stomach but that was it. Service provided by the staff was friendly and speedy despite a full plane. Seats were comfortable. We landed 30 min earlier in Amsterdam.
Emirates | “The most unprofessional staff” | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | The most unprofessional staff I’ve ever seen. Had to use Emirates as backup because Cathay Pacific delayed our flight. Maybe because of that seat selection was not available for us. That one I do not blame this airline on. But: We got two seats way back at the end of 777. Behind me was a man in his 50s. At the altitude I reclined my seat (not all the way back) and was prepared to get some sleep in this 6 hr flight. Immidiately I feel tap on my shoulder and some arguing that I have to raise my seat. He was arguing that he could not eat with my seat reclined. I tried to explain that my seat does not affect his table position, but really I feel like he just wanted more space. He was really unpleasant to talk to, it felt like there was only his needs and everyone around should just obey to that. English is not my native languge, so I finished the argument with "ask the flight attendant", I was sure that she can explain everything better than me. The man catches flight attendant, explains that he want me to raise my seat. She does not ask any questions, just stands up near me and commands "raise your seat" and proceeds with taking back of my seat and tries to raise it with force. No questions asked. With flight attendant fully on his side I even did not even try to argue. It felt really dengerous to even talk back to these people. Food was given 2 hours (!) after take off. After food serving nobody did not even try to provide us with any sort of bevereges. Again, that is on 6 hrs flight. Is that even legal? We had to catch flight attendant to ask for any water-like substance. How dare you to ask me about upgrades to premium economy or business if you fail to provide any basic service for economy? Or does Emirates starts to provide basic service starting from business? It is logical to just use better airlines instead. It is a level lower than any low-cost airline in the Eastern Europe. I am a frequent flyer and did not expect something like that at the price that I paid. It is by far my worst flight expirience. My family and friends will never use Emirates ever again.
Emirates | "The cabin is clean" | 9 | ✅ Trip Verified | The cabin is clean. Flight attendants are friendly and polite. Seats are comfortable and can be reclined easily. The food is delicious. Flights departed on time.
Emirates | "never fly with them again"  | 1 | Not Verified | I will never fly with them again, they have poor customer care. Long-story short, our flight was cancelled after waiting on the plane for several hours, at 2 AM and under the rain, with two young children we had to find a hotel, catch a taxi and recheck everything out of the airport and then back in. Our luggage had been mishandled and all clothes wet. They wouldnt reimburse for costs incurred as they are counting dollars and cents at present. I wouldnt touch them again, they charge a very large sum of money and their after sale services are very poor
Emirates | "I was hot and thirsty"  | 7 | Not Verified | I dashed across Dubai airport, having an hour and a half transit time since my connecting flight from Bangkok. There was no time to get a drink. I was relieved to get my flight to Birmingham. I was hot and thirsty. Unfortunately, for a torturous 2 hours and 50 minutes, there wasn't a drop of liquid served, although I did ask for a glass of water, which never transpired. Apart from that, which, when you're tired and thirsty, seems a massive problem.
Emirates | "very disappointed with Emirates"  | 1 | Not Verified | Emirates lost my luggage 9 months ago and have still not dealt with the complaint. No PIR number was provided as the team at Manchester airport were very unorganised. All they asked me to do was fill out an online form, through GBS Enquiries which I did. I have been back and fourth and had multiple phone calls with the team but the complaint still has not been dealt with. The customer service has been extremely poor. I'm very disappointed with Emirates.
Emirates | “Emirates delayed flight” | 2 | Not Verified | Emirates delayed flight from Washington D.C to Dubai, then me and my group missed our flight to Dar. Emirates gave us a hotel booking and an alternative flight for the next day. But it is so weired we have never get any support into getting to the hotel. Its so sad that Emirates has started being a Zero Star Airline.
Qatar | “didn’t qualify for Qpoints” | 3 | ✅ Trip Verified | I had a frustrating experience with Qatar Airways Privilege Club. I purchased tickets through their official website, yet part of the flight didn’t qualify for Qpoints. Their response was that the flight was “operated by another airline”, but this was not clear during booking. This is misleading and not acceptable.
Qatar | "comfortable and enjoyable flights" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | I flew business class with Qatar Airways on their A350-900 featuring the Qsuite, and it turned out to be one of the most comfortable and enjoyable flights I’ve taken. Everything from the seat to the service felt thoughtfully designed and well-executed. It’s easy to see why Qatar Airways is so highly rated — this flight gave me a clear sense of what sets their business class apart. Qsuite privacy: the sliding door and fully enclosed suite created a personal sanctuary — perfect for work, rest, or relaxation. Full flat bed with soft pillows and a duvet for restful sleep. In-seat massage feature added to the comfort, especially on a long-haul journey. Gourmet-quality meals with a diverse menu. Every dish was beautifully presented and tasted amazing. Excellent selection of wines, spirits, and mocktails. High-quality amenity kit, soft pajamas, slippers, and other thoughtful touches. The cabin crew was warm, professional, and attentive throughout the journey. A350 cabin was quiet, smooth ride with mood lighting and large windows. Plenty of room to stow personal items. Wide selection of movies, TV shows, music, and more on a responsive touchscreen.
Qatar | "service was personal and faultless" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | This was my first flight with Qatar and I arrived at the airport with anticipation.  was disappointed to learn I would not be travelling in their acclaimed Q Suite. They certainly lived up to what you would expect from an airline that has been awarded World’s Best Airline and recognised as having the World’s Best Business Class. There was one thing that needs to be addressed and that is the music played while boarding. It was ridiculously loud. Some of the things that really standout for me: Business Class passengers are given a sleeper suit to wear which was much appreciated. The inflight service was personal and faultless. The lay-flat function of the chair was extremely good, and the bedding material was great. The catering was the best I’ve experienced in a long time. The meals where truly exceptional and the fact they offer caviar to business class passengers is remarkable. This airline truly deserves the accolades it has received, and I can’t wait for my next flights with Qatar which at this stage will be in November this year.
Qatar | "wonderful service provided" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | I was travelling to Cochin on Nov 21st 2024 going home for my vacation, and before i boarded the flight from Doha to Cochin i was upgraded from Economy to Business class in that sector. The service was exceptional and i still remember one of the flight attendant Aravind who was going extra mile to help me with the food. I am so proud to become a silver card member in Qatar Airways. Thank you Qatar Airways for all the wonderful service provided to passengers.
Qatar | "The WIFI was super fast" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Excellent check in service at Male though it was high season in the Maldives and very high passenger volumes but they were efficient and courteous big shout out to Abdullah. The flight left ahead of time because of the great job the ground staff did. The plane had lie flat angled business class had a mid row but I did not mind as a night departure from Male is not like a day time departure which is a heavenly scene. Onboard service was nice and dinner was like Jeckel and Hyde the Tuna and Scallops appetizer was excellent but the steak overdone and unchewable. The WIFI was super fast I could view YouTube and everything else.
Qatar | "best Business Class flight" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Probably the best Business Class flight of my life and I have been traveling extensively in the last thirty years. Went from Dubai to Milan via Doha and back within five days. The configuration of the seats was different from one leg to another. The first leg was with the Q Suite game changer and the second with a more regular seat but still extremely comfortable. All flights punctual or landed earlier. In all routes the service was impeccable. The catering was comparable with a five star restaurant. Clean toilets. The comfort of the seats was unparalleled. Endless selection of movies. Onboard WiFi was very fast and reasonably priced.
Qatar | "has become my favourite airline" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Qatar Airways has become my favourite airline on the Toronto to Colombo route, which my family and I travel in Business Class, once or twice a year. I thoroughly enjoy the QSuite on the long leg of the flights to and from Doha. The privacy and the comfort offered by the QSuite is unparalleled to any other airline which operates on this route. The service from the cabin staff is outstanding, and I have enjoyed attentive service with a smile. Meal options and the option to enjoy meals at one’s convenience is an added feature. I appreciate the fact that, since last Autumn, Qatar flies in and out of Toronto Pearson Airport, which significantly reduces the travel time. We previously had to travel to Montreal in order to take Qatar Airways. Complimentary wifi on board is definitely appreciated.
Qatar | “cabin service was excellent” | 9 | ✅ Trip Verified | Early morning departure and morning arrival in Maldives! The timing is not the greatest as the arrival is at the same time with many other flights and it makes long queues and puts pressure on the sea planes connecting to the atolls the plane was an ex Cathay Pacific plane and is still configured in the Herring Bone seats and CX hardware. The cabin service was excellent and WIFi was fantastic even YouTube worked.
Qatar | "I complained on each flight" | 3 | ✅ Trip Verified | I flew from Tokyo Narita to Sofia via Doha and returned to Tokyo from Bucharest via Doha. Despite having reserved a vegetarian meal, on all flights crew forgot and I had to remind them. I complained on each flight and met the same reaction - a crew member telling me that this never usually happens, apologizing profusely, and promising that everything will be okay on the next flight. By the time it occurred for the 4th time on the 4th flight, I was finding it all rather frustrating and perplexing. On the flight from Bucharest to Doha I was given dirty cutlery and the cabin assistant whose attention I brought it to wasn't apologetic. She took the spoon from me and said it was a mistake and she would get a new one. In the end I had to call the senior cabin assistant who did apologize.  I found the inflight map system on 3 of the 4 flights to be extremely old fashioned. It was just a basic low-resolution non-interactive map of the kind that airlines used to provide when adding maps to the online entertainment was a new thing (fifteen or twenty years ago). On a long flight, I find the interactive maps to be very interesting and help to pass the time.  When I asked a crew member on the Bucharest to Doha flight how to check the movies I had placed on my favorites list, she said that such a feature does not exist on the inflight entertainment system for this aircraft. However, it did as I had already used it on a previous Qatar flight using the same model of aircraft and I had already added my favorite movies for this flight onto my list. I was unable to remember how to view the list. I tried to explain this to her, but she said that no such system existed and explained that not all aircraft have this feature. In the end, I played around for ten minutes or so and figured it out myself. I wouldn't have minded if the crew member was honest and said she didn't know or that she needed to check with someone else. I don't understand how Qatar are ranked up there with the top airline. The only thing that went well was that all four flights left on time.
Qatar | "a pleasure flying with you"  | 9 | ✅ Trip Verified | As a regular work-related traveler, the most important thing for me is time when flying - speed at check-ins and flights departing and arriving on time as scheduled. I have been using Qatar Airways for a few years for all my international travel, and I can plan with confidence my onward travel, meetings etc. The onboarding process is seamless, and the ground staff are knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful. During flights, the same level of professionalism can be expected, and there are no surprises. I fly the same long-distance route approximately every four weeks, and the experience remains consistent. The food is usually excellent, but on my last trip a few days ago, the Doha-Amman leg, the dinner was exceptional, serving dishes that you do not usually see on flights (to clarify - I flew business class). Thank you, Qatar Airways. It remains a pleasure flying with you.
Singapore Airlines | " there’s little room between each row" | 6 | ✅ Trip Verified | In October 2024 I flew with Singapore Airlines return from Sydney to Phnom Phen and the flights between Singapore and Cambodia were on their new 737-MAX 8. It was my first opportunity to experience their regional business class and from row 2 - their much talked about throne seat. Despite the flight time, Male is another destination in their regional network, only this time it was a 787-10 Dreamliner. Given this is a widebody aircraft, the business class seating is 1x2x1 with the single seats on either side staggered – the front row seat is against the aisle followed by a seat against the window. I usually pre-order my meals using their ‘book the cook’ service but forgot on this occasion. That proved to be a big mistake because what arrived was so underwhelming I can’t even remember what it was. But I know I tried it and then handed the tray and everything on it back to a flight attendant and chose to sleep instead. The seat converts into a lay flat bed which was quite comfortable given there’s no bedding provided other than a blanket and pillow. But the footwell is much more accommodating than the 737 throne seat. However, there’s little room between each row, so business class is tightly packed and on a full flight like mine the cabin is no a haven in the sky. Despite that, I managed to get about 2 hours of much needed sleep. Then on arrival, the rather expensive bottle of champagne I purchased on board was seized. I was unaware that you require a license to bring any alcohol into the country; even if it’s just 1 bottle. It would have been nice if the crew said something before, they processed the sale. Did the flight experience live up to my expectations? – I would have to say no. Sure the aircraft was fairly new, but then it’s hard to guess the age of their planes from the inside. I should rate this experience as 5 out of 10 because Singapore Airlines can do much better and usually do. But I’m feeling generous so I’ll give them 6
Singapore Airlines | "found my seat area dirty" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | I recently flew Business Class on SQ612 from Singapore to Incheon on 9 April 2025, and the experience fell short of what one would expect from a premium airline like Singapore Airlines. Upon boarding, I found my seat area dirty. I raised the issue and submitted photographic evidence, expecting it to be taken seriously. The initial response was a generic apology, and after pushing for escalation, I was offered a SGD100 KrisShop voucher, an insultingly small gesture. This isn’t just about cleanliness; it’s about how customer concerns are handled.
Singapore Airlines | "one of the best airlines" | 9 | ✅ Trip Verified | There can be no doubt, Singapore Airlines is one of the best airlines in the world. From the moment you step on board you are greeted a team of people and each one acknowledges you and you always see a smile. A flight attendant came and introduced herself to me saying she was responsible for taking care of me for this flight and to let her know if I there was anything I needed. I had taken advantage of their ‘book the cook’ service and chosen my meal in advance. But I couldn’t remember what it was I ordered, and was reassure if I changed my mind that wasn’t a problem I was free to choose anything for the flight menu. While the method of changing the chair to a bed on their 777 is unconventional, it’s damn comfortable and easy to get a few hours sleep. The pillows and bedding are a real treat. I find that Singapore Airlines flight attendants have an ability to match the level of service to an individual passenger’s needs. The bathrooms are always clean, and you can enter without fear of what might await you. I wish the airline would provide business class passengers with sleeper suits as other airlines do. On this, they are at a competitive disadvantage. I take my own (typically one from Qatar Airways) and it doesn’t do Singapore Airlines any good to have a passenger walking around in clothing blazoned with a competitor’s logo.
Singapore Airlines | "terribly designed business class seat"  | 6 | ✅ Trip Verified | London to Singapore business class on the A380-800. Marking this rating down due to a fatal flaw in the terribly designed business class seat which is truly awful if you want to try to sleep! While it’s a flat bed you are forced to sleep diagonally with very narrow footwells so that if yiu want to change position to lie on your side then your otherside it’s impossible! It’s to restrictive to move so you’ll hardly get any decent sleep unless you have consumed large amounts of alcohol from the great choice on the wine list…whoever designed this seat needs to be fired! Apparently talking to one flight attendant they did say there’s a refit of new seats & interior on this aircraft planned but wasn’t sure when. Cabin Crew were fabulous as you’d expect in serving our needs & was nice to engage in conversation with a couple of them which was very welcoming indeed. Food was superb & every dish we had was delicious & drink choices again excellent. Forget the WiFi as it’s doesn’t work so save your money & getting frustrated. IFE was good quick responsive touch screen & easy to navigate. Definitely recommend this airline but at this time avoid the A380-800 business class seat if you think you’ll get a good nights sleep & opt for there 350 or 777 aircraft.
Singapore Airlines | "very mixed experience"  | 6 | ✅ Trip Verified | Flew on SQ228; very mixed experience. The cabin crew were extremely good, and efficient. The food however was not up to standard. My wife and myself had diffent meals and we both thought it was poor. Also l am not a fan of the seat configuration. The storage areas are really good, however unless you are lying completely flat you are forced to sit on an uncomfortable angle to stretch your legs out.
Singapore Airlines | "remains a reliable choice" | 9 | Not Verified | I recently flew on Singapore Airlines from Hong Kong to Singapore, and the experience was largely pleasant, reaffirming the airline’s reputation. Check-in at HKG was smooth, with efficient staff and minimal queues. Boarding was well-organized, adhering to priority groups, though the process felt slightly rushed due to a tight schedule. The A350-900 was clean and modern, with comfortable economy seats offering decent legroom. The cabin crew was attentive and polite, providing warm service throughout the flight. Noise levels were low, contributing to a relaxing journey. KrisWorld’s entertainment system had a great selection of movies and music. However, the touchscreen was occasionally sluggish. Meal service was a highlight, I opted for the seafood pasta, which was flavorful and well-presented. A small snack and beverages were also served, with a good variety of options. The flight departed on time and arrived early, which was impressive. Turbulence was minimal, and the captain provided clear updates. The only downside was the slightly cramped seating, which is typical for economy class on long-haul configured aircraft.  While the seat space could be better, Singapore Airlines remains a reliable choice for this route. Would fly again for the service and punctuality!
Singapore Airlines | "experience was very enjoyable" | 9 | ✅ Trip Verified | Once I arrived at the check-in counter, a friendly smile greeted us.  When I boarded the plane, I found that it was an old plane, but things inside were excellent. For instance, the seat was a bit narrow but I could comfortably sit. Cabin crew were polite.  The food was delicious and a variety of drinks to choose from. There was not many movies to watch I linked to the WiFi. The experience was very enjoyable.
Singapore Airlines | “It all came to an end too quickly” | 9 | ✅ Trip Verified | Having last flown Singapore Airlines more than two decades ago, I was enthusiastic to fly again in their A350, albeit a short flight from Bangkok to Singapore. It began with a speedy Business Class check-in, with instructions to follow the signs to the SilverKris Lounge. Through Fast Track security, I headed towards the Gate 7 area, which was a fairly lengthy walk. Boarding was efficient. The first thing that impressed me was the gorgeous look of the cabin. It appeared in pristine condition. The cabin colour scheme of shades of mauve and light bluey-purple looked impeccable. Laid out in a 1x2x1 arrangement, this was a long-haul seating aircraft, operating on short-haul regional flights (sadly in Europe we have to contend with an 18-inch wide seat and 30-inch pitch, and no IFE). All the essential features of flatbed seating on this A350 were there. The seat functions on the side of the seat worked smoothly and effortlessly. A large pillow and blanket were placed on the seat. And on the side, was a small locker containing USB and power points, along with a menu and headphones. The pull-out mirror was a nice touch too. Preflight soft drinks came around, and requesting champagne, it was promptly served soon after. Just before pushback, hot towels were provided, and the safety video began with instructions to put on the 3-point seat belt (which has the shoulder strap). Once at cruising height, the breakfast service began. Being a short duration flight, the meal was served on a single tray. I was addressed by my name, and so opted for the Seafood Pad Thai, which came with prawns, scallops and fish cake - absolutely delicious. Without requesting, I was served with more champagne, followed by coffee. The touch-screen IFE worked well, and I noted a good selection of some of the very latest movies. I assumed that this was the same on all flights, as it wouldn't be possible to watch a 2-hour movie on a 2-hour flight. The headphones were a tad heavy and did not feel too comfortable. Overall, although the crew were non-engaging (short flight), the service was friendly and carried out with precision. It all came to an end too quickly, and I hope my next flight with Singapore Airlines will be a 'proper' long haul.
Singapore Airlines | "below average pitch and recline" | 7 | ✅ Trip Verified | Check in at Istanbul airport very fast and friendly with nine check in counters in operation. Boarding well organized. Both flights were on the quiet A359. Food and service on both flights decent, IFE ok, and WiFi rather mediocre. The seats are tight with a below average pitch and recline. Both flights on time.
Singapore Airlines | "no dining on demand" | 5 | Not Verified | Changi Airport looking dated, but the SQ lounge was outstanding. Big working areas, excellent shower facilities, nice bar, plenty of good tasting food, spotlessly clean, good atmosphere. The business class seat lounging and sleeping positions are not comfortable, and the seat’s controls did not work quickly. Difficult to use power outlets, complicated storage areas, sleeping in a diagonal position with very small foothole. The IFE feels old with limited choice. No live TV. Worst deterioration when compared to their past offering, was the food & beverages. Limited choice, main course tasted bland, and premium drinks served in small soda-type glasses, no dining on demand. Luckily the complimentary wifi worked well.
American Airlines | "long distance telephone charges"  | 2 | Not Verified | Do not travel on American Airlines unless you have no other choice which was and is my case. This review refers only to American Airlines telephone customer service; before my return trip next week I needed to ask AA something concern my flight. The local number that I had is disconnected and no new number provided. Consequently I had to make a long distance overseas call for which I was billed long distance telephone charges that lasted almost fifteen minutes before the AA representative was able to give a local number which was not disconnected.
American Airlines | "one of the worst flights I’ve had" | 4 | ✅ Trip Verified | I knew there was something wrong with the entertainment system before we left LAX because I had watched the huddle of technicians from my seat. They had removed the cover off a rather large panel and were pushing buttons and muttering. My suspicions were confirmed when there was no safety video and they did it the old fashioned way with the crew standing in the aisle with an oxygen mask in one hand and a life vest around their necks. However, they didn’t say a word about it to the passengers until we were in the air and well on our way to Sydney. I guess they figured the reaction of learning you faced 15 hours without movies, music or games would be less in the air than on the ground. Well, at least I could enjoy the leisurely pace of the first class meal service; so I thought. But clearly the 2 male flight attendants looking after the first class cabin had better things to do. The service was practically over before it began. The courses came so fast I could barely keep up and the food was terrible. All in all it was one of the worst flights I’ve had in years and the 2 guys looking after first class should retire and pass the mantle to someone less jaded.
American Airlines | "fantastic, spectacular service" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Had a great flight in from Tampa on our way to 5 national parks in Utah. Chance and Erico were fantastic, spectacular service and took great care of us.
American Airlines | "never flying with American again" | 1 | Not Verified | My daughter and I were traveling from Norfolk VA to Boston MA on April 8, 2025. We had a flight that was suppose to depart at 8:06AM leaving from Norfolk with a connection in Philadelphia then on to Boston arriving around 10:30-11am. We were at the Norfolk airport at 7am waiting for our flight to board when the 1st delay was announced for 2 hours. We went up to the ticket counter and the agent was able to rebook us on a different connecting flight only delaying us about 2 hours. The second delay of 6 hours was announced about an hour before the second boarding was suppose to happen. And the announcement was to call American customer service to rebook again. I did call customer service and was rebooked on a different flight going to Laguardia airport and we had to wait 3 hours for this flight to depart. This short flight on a smaller plane was extremely turbulent on the last half and my daughter and I were so nauseated and exhausted. The layover in Laguardia was another 2-3 hours. At least Laguardia had a nice food court and we were able to sit and have lunch. The flight to Boston was uneventful.  I am very disappointed in the delays and handling of passengers by American Airlines. This delay should have been called much earlier. They announced it was due to mechanical issues. Why not inspect the planes more frequently and cancel flights at least 6-8 hours before the flight departs if any issues. That way passengers can be rebooked and notified ahead of time. And if this does happen last minute airlines should be required to offer cash or gift card or something. It was a horrible experience and day and one I will never forget. I plan on never flying with American again. And I will be letting my friends and family know what a bad experience this was so that this does not happen to them. I was not the only angry and disappointed passenger. I overheard other passengers stating this happens alot with American airlines,
American Airlines | "delayed over 5 hours"  | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | I have flown five flights with American Airlines in the last 4 months. Each one has been delayed over 5 hours for mechanical problems. When you contact American Airlines they don't care they just blow you off. They don't care that they're delaying you missing appointments and connections.
American Airlines | “may as well be a greyhound station” | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | My flight was originally for 6:15 am, this flight was delayed. I was issued a new ticket that required me to be stranded in Phoenix Arizona for 11 hours. I was originally supposed to arrive at my destination (Minneapolis) at 2:14 pm. My 6 hour trip turned into an all day event. Also, I just got word that my flight to Phoenix is, once again, delayed. I spent a lot of money for this trip... this may as well be a greyhound station.
American Airlines | "crew was pleasant and professional" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | My recent flight from Washington, D.C. (DCA) to Philadelphia (PHL) with American Eagle, operated by PSA Airlines, was smooth and efficient. We experienced a minor maintenance delay, but on a 27-minute flight, it hardly made a difference. The crew was pleasant and professional, ensuring a comfortable experience. The aircraft, a CRJ-900, is the largest in PSA’s fleet, offering a bit more space compared to their other planes. Given the short duration of the flight, there’s really nothing to complain about it was a quick, easy, and well-handled trip. Great job PSA!
American Airlines | "We were extremely pleased" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | My Husband and I traveled on American Airlines Flight AA3089 to New York from Florida. We were extremely pleased traveling home on this plane. This was mainly due to Flight Attendant DeJon. DeJon made sure we were comfortable, asked us what drinks we wanted, and served us snacks and a very nice lunch. Mostly, he was so congenial and I could see he was working so hard taking care of the passengers. My Husband and I are seniors and I can honestly say that we very much appreciated DeJon. It made our flight enjoyable, and we were glad we flew with American Airlines.
American Airlines | “No customer service” | 1 | Not Verified | I had two flights booked between St. Louis and Chicago to meet up with friends for a vacation flight out of Chicago. There was impending weather, snow. I changed my flight on February 12 in the evening to 3:10 in the afternoon in order to get to Chicago in time for the next morning flight. I had to pay an additional $188 to change the flight. The flight was cancelled by the airline and I ended up on the same flight I was originally booked on! That flight was delayed but I did get to Chicago late Wednesday night. They refused to reimburse me for the extra amount paid for the cancelled flight! I should not have had to pay that fee when they cancelled the flight! On the way back to St. Louis there was potential weather. However, our flight from Mexico got into O'Hare with no problem. But my flight from Chicago to St. Louis had been delayed earlier that morning and there were no flights out of O'Hare (according the the RUDE American Airlines person) so I had to either sit in the airport for 13 hours or pay for a room - they refused to get me a room! They claimed weather as an excuse but there was no weather they had just tried to out-guess it and got it wrong. So I had to pay for a room, my bag again the next day because it couldn't be transferred, an extra day of parking and an extra day of care for my pet - $309! No customer service. Their supervisor was also uncaring and rude. I ended up falling on an escalator trying to get my bags around by myself due to them!!
American Airlines | “Someone has to be held accountable” | 1 | Not Verified | Overnight flight was delayed twice for not enough crew and then no crew. Still no guarantee it will take off. Had to buy blankets, $60, and kids sleeping on the disgustingly dirty floor. Trying to get to a family member before they pass. How can you stay in business with this poor customer service? Your company needs a major overhaul. Someone has to be held accountable.
China Eastern Airlines | "Overall I have no complaints" | 8 | ✅ Trip Verified | Check-in at Gatwick Airport was smooth and efficient. The airline uses the No.1 Lounge which is nothing special but with comfortable seating and is Wi-Fi more than adequate. Boarding was done quickly and the cabin crew was super diligent in helping each of the passengers find their seat and stow their baggage. Although the business seats on this 777 were not new they had ample storage space, the flat bed was comfortable and everything worked. The food was well presented but tasted a little bland and the cabin crew were extremely quick in removing trays when passengers had finished. The Wi-Fi on the aircraft was patchy at best and, being Chinese, quite a few sites seem to be blocked. Running a VPN actually made it quicker with no blocked sites. There were a few Western movies but the choice was limited. Loos were spotless. Overall I have no complaints and would happily fly with the airline again.
China Eastern Airlines | “the cabin was spotlessly clean” | 9 | Not Verified | I like that Recaro seats were used. The seat was very soft and legroom was actually the most I have gotten thus far, even for such a tiny plane like the A320 neo. It was very well kept and modern, and the cabin was spotlessly clean. There was even a meal on the short flight of 1 & 2/3 hours. Excellent experience. However, there was no screens for IFE, but there was a cool magazine that kept me entertained, so yeah. However, there, unfortunately, was a karen or kevin or whatever you call it, on our flight. The crew were very professional.
China Eastern Airlines | "improved dramatically" | 7 | ✅ Trip Verified | China Eastern Airlines customer service has been improved dramatically since before the pandemic of COVID. In economy class, I feel well treated by cabin crew and everyone was so kind and well motivated. I have ordered the vegetarian meal and I was not enjoyed, the the cabin crew brought me nice food to replace. Especially flight MU715 compared to MU716 I flew with this month, the cabin crew did really fantastic job. The only thing I was a bit disappointed is there is very limited option of in-flight entertainment especially in A330-200 which was MU716 flight. But overall, both two aircraft’s had fantastic leg space for a 180cm tall guy.
China Eastern Airlines | "Fares were very competitive" | 5 | ✅ Trip Verified | "It's ok" would be the best way to summarise my experience with China Eastern on a trip from Frankfurt via Shanghai to Japan and back. The Boeing 777-300 appears reasonably well-kept even though you clearly notice the difference to their fleets newer A350. Food was very unspectacular on all legs except one (where it was quite decent), makes you understand the jokes about airplane food. Entertainment is very limited, only a small selection of movies in English is offered. Staff isn't unfriendly. Only weird thing is that you're asked to remove all headphones 40 minutes before landing already, which is unusual and slightly annoying. Fares were very competitive and about 400€ less than the next comparable offer by another airline. Taking all this into account, China Eastern may be a good choice when looking for a lower-price (but definitely not budget, neither regarding cost nor amenities) option for flying to different Asian countries, but stays behind in their offering compared to the Eastern elite airlines like JAL, Singapore or Asiana.
China Eastern Airlines | "Diabolical at best" | 1 | Not Verified | Diabolical at best. I have travelled budget airlines which has better service and offering. From the time we boarded it was all about what they wont or cannot offer. No soft drinks, only Soda. Food limited. Soft drink menu only tea and coffee, 6.30 flight only one tepid meal. Toilets were dirty. My seat inflight entertainment did not work. Selection was awful. So it might They should not sell business class at full price. I have travelled many a budget flights on business but this was by far the worst. I had to take this return flight as my original flight on a different carrier was full. Made in China at its best
China Eastern Airlines | "economy seats were fine"  | 9 | ✅ Trip Verified | Solid airline, will fly again. Professional, spoke English, polite, efficient, good value flight. I was scared to fly this airline as I read so many negative views. This is my experience. - I flew from Sydney to Rome - Back from London to Sydney - Could not beat the price for a full service flight I was 10-15mins late for check in for my return flight from London (as my earlier connecting flight was delayed significantly which caused this) and the last two ladies remaining at the check in desk were more than accommodating. I couldn't be grateful enough. Even though they had signed out of the computers, packed up the online check in and closed off the online roll call, the manager asked her co-worker to check if the passenger list had been submitted or if she could open it up and add me - they were unsure if they could if it was submitted. They managed to access the list and added me! They could have easily not helped me too as I was far past the check in time. They told me I had to run for my flight as I might not have made boarding (I literally made it running through security and the airport). I had to sign a waiver that my bag may not arrive on the same flight (it did). My bag was oversized too and I had no issues taking it (kite/golf bag). They accept oversized bag - I recommend booking directly with them (not through a third party website like booking.com like I did, so you can check in in advance, and deal with them directly if you need to change flights) - their food is very mediocre, bring your own if you are fussy, or pay $1k more for the same flight with a Tier 1 airline that serves better food - If you are vegetarian or fussy I would recommend bringing your own food - They serve Chinese food like noodles, rice, veggies and meat, red bean soup ... may be unusual if you have not been exposed to real Asian food - I'd recommend being certain when booking your seats and flight day/time as it may be hard to get a hold with them to confirm anything - Note that the last row of seats do recline, however if you need to change your seats after choosing, go slightly earlier to the airport and request the change when checking in. - The air hosts are lovely and professional. - The economy seats were fine and standard per any aeroplane - Limited Hollywood movies but you will find something. Couldn’t be more grateful for being able to check in to my return flight. For this price would definitely fly again.
China Eastern Airlines | “wouldn't hesitate to fly them again” | 9 | ✅ Trip Verified | China Eastern really surprised me with this recent flight I took with them. Their business class product is pretty solid and competitive in my opinion. Cabin crew were very hospitable and spoke excellent English. Meals, drinks and snacks were free flowing and quite scrumptious. I had the Asian option and their three course meal didn't disappoint. I was even taken aback by pajamas being an amenity that was offered. There was free wifi too albeit slow. I have a couple of very minor gripes though. First, is my dislike for the slanted seating arrangment which obstructs the feet when in the lie flat position. Next, had to do with their website which is barely functional. I also would of liked a few more film offerings. Nevertheless, I arrived well rested and well fed, so ended up with a completely different outlook of China Eastern for the positive. If they can remedy their website and invest a bit more onto their AVOD system, they would be a force to be reckoned with. I wouldn't hesitate to fly them again!
China Eastern Airlines | "strange and frustrating airline" | 4 | ✅ Trip Verified | China Eastern is a very strange and frustrating airline, and a real world of contradictions. First of all, if you are not a Chinese citizen with an ID card, it is extremely difficult to book, manage, and check-in for flights. When booking you should be aware that the booking system for the app and their website are not linked, so booking on one will immediately preclude you from accessing the reservation on the other. The app's English version is extremely limited in a way the Chinese version is not. At the airport, ground staff's command of English within China is usually limited, but it's functionally the same process as at any other airport, so just do what you always do and you'll get checked-in. I do like that they give you meals on shorter domestic flights. It's nothing extravagant but it's a hot meal and nice to have. Flight crew is kind and their command of English is usually better than the ground staff. Ultimately the frustrating tech issues just barely edge out the more competent parts of the experience.
China Eastern Airlines | "A real disappointment" | 6 | ✅ Trip Verified | A real disappointment, only snacks are given on a 4 hour flight in Business. Only 8 seats so could offer a full meal service. Limited choices of drinks, basically red or white wine, beer or soft drinks.
China Eastern Airlines | “staff are unpleasant” | 1 | Not Verified | Without a doubt, the worst company I have ever seen in my life, the staff are unpleasant and with no willingness to help you. I don't know how they can continue working with the terrible service they offer, in my case was with an airline official at the Bangkok airport. If they are not willing to serve their customers, customers who have paid a lot of money for their tickets, let them go do something else. The company moves at the pace of the type of client it has. My opinion for them is 0. I will never fly with this company again, before flying with them again, I will walk.
Delta Air Lines | "Not a very good airline" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Overbooked flight and allowed passengers carryon bags that boarded earlier to fill up all overhead bins such that the last third of the passengers had to check all carryon roller bags! Why can’t they only allow people to put their carryon bags overhead where they are sitting only? And overbooked the flight! Not a very good airline at all if they can’t control these simple things!
Delta Air Lines | "experience was the worst"  | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | My experience from Los Angeles to Atlanta yesterday was the worst! Bad consumer experience, Delta people treat you in a rude way, very stupid, screaming with people to organize queues. I had a problem with a flight attendent that was so aggressive on the way she was speaking, putting me in an embarassing situation.
Delta Air Lines | "an absolute disaster" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | This is a mediocre airline masking chaos with spin. My recent flight experience with Delta was an absolute disaster. The flight was scheduled to leave at 5 PM, and we had already begun pre-boarding when they suddenly delayed it—due to “crew rotation issues solvable in 30 min”. That’s not just bad planning, that’s complete operational failure. Worse yet, Delta kept passengers in limbo by delaying the flight in 3–4 hour increments, rather than being honest about the scope of the issue. We didn’t end up departing until 3 AM—nearly 10 hours late. This wasn’t just an inconvenience; I missed an important business meeting in Seattle that cannot be rescheduled or salvaged. When I asked about meal vouchers, a check-in agent smugly claimed the delay was due to weather—a completely false excuse that he threw out without even checking the flight’s status. When I pressed him on it, he got defensive instead of just owning the mistake. Another agent eventually handed me a $45 voucher, which was frankly insulting considering the time and opportunities lost. Meanwhile, the ground crew was patronizing and dismissive, treating passengers like they were the problem for simply asking for updates. The lack of accountability was staggering. But here’s the real kicker: This isn’t just a one-off incident. Delta has clearly been in a state of decline. Flights are constantly delayed, crews are visibly irritated, customer service is unresponsive, and compensation is laughably inadequate. It’s also hard to ignore the pattern: Every quarter, especially in the last two weeks before it ends, Delta’s delays and cancellations seem to spike—and yet, minimal compensation is offered to retail passengers. It’s almost as if they’re gaming the system: delaying flights incrementally to avoid triggering certain metrics, and downplaying the chaos to maintain the illusion of operational performance. It feels calculated—like Delta is more concerned with managing optics and investor reports than actually serving its customers. This is not an isolated issue. It’s systemic. They lost me as a business.
Delta Air Lines | "Thank you to everyone"  | 1 | Not Verified | I recently flew to Utah for surgery and had some complications. I ended up on oxygen due to flu and altitude sickness. Delta changed my flight the first time because I was hospitalized and could not make my flight. They changed it a second time when the changed flight did not allow enough time on my lay-over to make my flight. They did not charge me money or points, and arrangements were made for a wheelchair, since I would be on oxygen to fly home. It went seamlessly. Thank you to everyone who made a very trying time less stressful. And PS, my first leg of my flight, a young pilot was deadheading to Atlanta and he helped me so much.
Delta Air Lines | “inconvenience and loss of time” | 1 | Not Verified | April 5th I stood in line an hour before my flight to check my bags with 3 people in front of me in the line. When I finally reached the counter, she said a new policy required bags to be checked in 45 minutes before a flight and I only had 3 minutes left to check my bag in that time window. I asked to have my bags checked. She then said she would have to rebook me. She rebooked my non stop 2 1/2 hour flight to a flight leaving 4 hours later with layovers that would extend the flight almost 7 additional hours. That flight was then delayed almost two hours. When it was almost time for that delayed flight to leave, they said they had transferred me to Alaska Airlines. I had to walk the whole terminal to get to Alaska and was then told that flight would not be leaving until 2 hours later. When I arrived at my destination I spent an hour waiting for my luggage, standing in line for assistance etc. and eventually leaving without my luggage. After hours of phone calls I found my luggage was not transferred with me to Alaska Airlines and was on a Delta flight to Salt Lake City. Delta refused to reimburse my bag fees. I paid to have my bag transported. Due to DELTA's error of putting my luggage on a plane I was not on I did not have my bag upon arrival. I suffered the inconvenience and loss of time waiting for my bag at the airport and hours on the phone trying to trace my bag. Delta somehow determined that I should just suck up the cost of THEIR error in putting my bag on the wrong plane. If I could give zero stars for this experience, I would.
Delta Air Lines | "insufficient customer service"  | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Delta has no control over weather, they certainly have control over what planes land. There were storms in Atlanta causing delays on April 6. Our flight circled Atlanta for an hour and a half, and then was low on gas. Rather than land us, they diverted us to Greensboro South Carolina, where we sat for over 3 1/2 hours. As a direct result of this, I miss my flight to Italy, a gentleman and a seat across from me missed his flight to Finland, and they were multiple other passengers who also missed flights, both domestically and internationally from this one flight alone. At Atlanta, there were two maybe three agents to help every single customer who are disrupted by the weather. The online system put you on hold for an hour, then get back to you an hour and say oh, we’re gonna put you on hold for another hour before somebody answers. There is literally no excuse for an airline of Delta size to have insufficient customer service representatives when they know they are subject to weather in Atlanta. This is not the first time Delta’s been through this.
Delta Air Lines | "employees were fine"  | 8 | ✅ Trip Verified | I decided to splurge and book a first class ticket on Delta last year for this year’s MegaCon Orlando. Outgoing was on a regional jet with hardly any of the amenities of the larger jets (I did get my drink served in a glass and several snacks) and having a dedicated Sky Priority lane at both RDU and MCO was helpful. Return flight was on their usual A319 jet with the full blown amenities. Both flights were on time and employees were fine.
Delta Air Lines | "did their jobs with passion" | 8 | ✅ Trip Verified | I had a heartbreaking day on my departure day. So when I was checking in at Delta, I was crying…( actually more like bawling). Well I wasn't at first, but when Ms Carol asked me how was my day, tears just fell and couldn’t stop it…felt heavy…so I really appreciate that question a lot, she gave me some small talk, which made me open up a bit and that’s when I started crying. She didn’t have to continue comforting me, but she did and I felt it in my heart. Ms Ammi saw me crying and offered me some juice and orange, and a Chocolate cupcake and also comforted me despite how busy they were. They are the best strangers I’ve encountered at that moment too, for the longest time, and that made me feel way lighter. So I think it’s not about the place, or the airline, it’s the people that works within - a truly unforgettable experience even though that was a month ago. I am talking about the Ground staff of Delta Airlines in Baltimore Airport! They did their jobs with passion and understanding, and I salute them all…
Delta Air Lines | "across the plane from each other" | 1 | Not Verified | They switched my husband and I after we paid for seat upgrades and put us completely across the plane from each other in the very back. We aid to sit up front. Not a single customer service could help us. This is absolutely ridiculous. No offer of the refund was offered. 3 different people just shrugged and said oh well you are on the flight.
Delta Air Lines | "offered no compensation" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | They forced me to check a bag both ways due to size regiments of my carry on. Both trips they lost my checked bag. They offered no compensation for losing my bag during connecting flights. I was stranded in a foreign country with nothing. I submitted multiple claims for compensation and they were all immediately declined due to my ticket not being eligible for compensation. This was my first and last experience with Delta airlines.
LATAM Airlines | "love the attentiveness of the crew" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | This was a domestic leg between Bogota and Medellin. cabin crew switched me to the first row since this plane only had 2 rows of premium class and I was scheduled to fly in row three. Prior to take off the lead crew member came by welcomed me by name offered a water bottle and wished me a happy birthday somehow they knew. On this very short 40 minute flight we were offered a small snack. A mini sub sandwich, Heineken beer, bag of chips. I love the attentiveness of the crew had and it’s one of the reasons I only fly LATAM within Colombia.
LATAM Airlines | "asked for Priority boarding" | 1 | Not Verified | Online Check-in Process did not work. Kiosks at the Lima Airport did not work. Offered upgrade to Business class for a few but then denied because we purchased our tickets through Delta. Wife has Parkinsons so I asked for Priority boarding and was told to sit down - I got up when I saw a line forming and asked the same lady who then told me to get on line. Then the conducted priority boarding while they were letting everyone else on.
LATAM Airlines | "really behind the times" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | I booked my flight months in advance and paid for seat assignments. I selected seats at the front of the plane, but during check-in, seats were automatically re-assigned to the back of the plane, last row to be exact. Why pay for seats then? The instructions were also unclear and boarding was confusing. Overall, LATAM is really behind the times.
LATAM Airlines | "refund process is frustrating" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | LATAM Airlines Australia is misleading customers about flight ticket prices. Although I was on their Australian webpage, prices are listed in American dollars. When I called to request a refund, they seemed to anticipate my questions and had excuses ready before I even began asking. The refund process is frustrating; they only initiate it after you reply to their email with personal information that they don’t actually need. This seems unnecessary, but they say it’s in case the credit card refund doesn’t go through. If they followed the proper procedures, the refund could have been back in my credit card account within days.
LATAM Airlines | “Incredibly unhelpful staff” | 1 | Not Verified | I paid £84 for a hold bag online the day before my flight. On arrival at the airport, LATAM said there was an error with their system and the payment wasn't linked to my ticket. I showed them my invoice, receipt email and bank transaction and they agreed the payment had been made, but said I needed to pay £131, and the £84 would be refunded. I made the point that there was no reason for me to pay £50 more because their system had failed, but they wouldn't budge and as I was at risk of missing my flight, I ended up paying. Had a very frustrating experience with their complaints team, who also accepted the issue was with their system, but said system failures happen and that I was liable for the full amount. So essentially, LATAM are rewarded for making a hash of a luggage booking and charging over 50% extra at the airport. Incredibly unhelpful staff at all levels. Scam artists. Enjoy my £131. I'll spend a lot more to avoid you in future.
LATAM Airlines | “it was a very slow process” | 2 | Not Verified | I needed to reschedule my flight and repay for it. The website has a system for rescheduling but it kept rejecting my credit cards. This was not an issue with my cards as I tried 4 different ones, and have a good credit history! Eventually found a phone number to be used for rescheduling, but it was a very slow process and extremely expensive (much more than the website promised). I spent a total of 5 hours on this task thanks to the inadequacies of Latam.
LATAM Airlines | "there was zero assistance" | 1 | Not Verified | My travel partner was in a wheelchair which was registered ahead of the flight. We had no problem with American Airline getting there with this issue. We took LATAM on the return trip from IQQ to SCL. They didn't have enough staff so persuaded us to walk to the gate, as they said it was a small airport. The LATAM representative at IQQ said that we were already registered as disabled, that SCL was larger and we would be met there with a wheelchair. There were 3 people disembarking flight 602 in SCL with disabilities and there was zero assistance. For some of the people SCL was their final stop so they were able to wait. We had a short time to make our connection, a wheelchair never arrived and we could not get assistance. We barely made it to the next gate for departure to LAX. It was a very negative experience.
LATAM Airlines | "experiences with LATAM went so well" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | In a month traveling around South America, I flew Latam Chile 6 times, on the following routes: RT SCL-PMC; OW PUQ-SCL; RT SCL-IPC; and OW SCL-MVD. I may be extremely lucky, but all these flights were on time, safe, very comfortable, and served decent food and drink options. On the 4 flights on which I checked luggage, it arrived within minutes on the carousel. On my last flight to Montevideo, a crewmember approached me and my wife by pronouncing our names in order to serve snacks and drinks to us! I am very happy that my first  experiences with LATAM went so well, and based on these experiences, I can recommend this company without reservations. Thank you very much! One thing they definitely should improve is to provide free wifi to all customers. I know that is still not a practice worldwide, but it really should be.
LATAM Airlines | "the experience was terrible" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | I flew LATAM (Flight LA8020 from MDZ to GRU) as part of a connecting ticket with Swiss, and the experience was terrible. Although my Swiss ticket clearly included checked baggage, LATAM refused to honor it at MDZ. They claimed the baggage allowance only applied if I were flying directly with Swiss. Despite explaining that on my outbound trip I had no issues (because I boarded with Swiss), LATAM still made me pay an extra fee on the return segment. To make matters worse, LATAM issued only my first boarding pass (MDZ to GRU), insisting they are “not Swiss.” Because of this, I had to exit the terminal in each connecting airport, go through passport control, check in again at the counter, and clear security once more just to get my next boarding pass. It’s astonishing that they sell the entire connection together yet don’t consider baggage allowances, won’t print all boarding passes, and completely ignore any Swiss frequent flyer privileges. Seat selection was another frustration: unless you pay extra, you’re stuck in the middle seat. LATAM’s customer service was unhelpful, dismissive, and showed no willingness to coordinate with Swiss or resolve these issues. If you’re flying on a Swiss ticket that includes segments with LATAM, be prepared for hidden charges, wasted time, and zero accountability.
LATAM Airlines | "I have not received a response" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Cargo is more important to passengers on a missed connection who were then sent to a hotel 120 km away at 1:30 am I was one of about 15 people flying from Iguassu who missed a connecting flight at 23:30 to London at Sao Paolo airport on 6/11/2024. After queuing at a LATAM desk for about 1 hour at 1:30 am I was given a hotel room in Taubaté, 120 km from the Airport, a journey of 1.5 hours by taxi. I was told that food would be given to me when I arrived. There was no food. I had to book a taxi back to the airport the next day with a voucher. I spent $20 on tips. I had to ask for a voucher for food at the airport. The plane to London the next night was held on the tarmac for at least 1 hour while cargo was loaded. Why could LATAM not have held the plane for an hour the night before to get 15 people on board the flight they were booked on? Why is cargo more important than passengers. I complained to LATAM and now, nearly 2 months later, I have not received a response from the airline.
Ethiopian Airlines | “I have received nothing but silence” | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | I am appalled by the utter negligence and lack of professionalism displayed by Ethiopian Airlines. My baggage was delayed for five full days during my international trip to Cape Town. I submitted a compensation claim back in December 2024, providing every required document and receipt for the essential items I had to purchase due to their failure. Since then, I have sent multiple follow-up emails (Dec 30, Jan 21, Mar 1, Mar 20), and I have received nothing but silence. Not a single update, not even an apology. How can a supposedly “leading African airline” justify completely ignoring a customer for over four months? This experience has been not only frustrating but also deeply disrespectful. I’ve spent hours chasing a basic response that any responsible airline would’ve handled in days. I have been left with no choice but to escalate this publicly. If this is the kind of service Ethiopian Airlines provides, they do not deserve to be in business.
Ethiopian Airlines | "seats were in a standard row" | 3 | ✅ Trip Verified | Flight ET718 from Addis Ababa to Gatwick on 27th March. We had booked and paid £100 for extra legroom seats which was confirmed on our ticket. Checked in and got boarding pass with same seat numbers. However, on boarding, discovered the seats were in a standard row. It appears our earlier booking used a seat plan for Boeing 787-8 (exit row 28) whereas Ethiopian airlines switched aircraft to Boeing 787-9 (exit row 30). Surely when the boarding passes were printed the booking system should reallocate us to our requested legroom seats. What a shambles. Two other passengers on our flight also got bumped into standard seats. We have also had previous problems using the Ethiopian airlines website (paid twice for same seat reservation). Seems their IT System is flakey and unreliable. Pity because the flight staff seemed mostly helpful and organised.
Ethiopian Airlines | "a complete disaster" | 1 | Not Verified | Our flight from Addis Ababa to Frankfurt on January 20 was a complete disaster. When we got to our seats, a woman with a child was sitting in one of them and refused to move. She claimed the flight attendants told her she could take the seat for her child. Instead of resolving the issue, the crew did nothing, and we had to argue, wave our boarding passes in their faces, and fight for the seats we had paid for. And that was just the beginning: my food was disgusting. The crew ignored complaints.
Ethiopian Airlines | "well taken care of" | 7 | ✅ Trip Verified | My wife and I flew with Ethiopian from Toronto to Entebbe Uganda return. We also flew Entebbe to Mombasa return within the time we stayed in Africa. We found that the airline service was pretty much on time and we didn't miss any connections. The meals were consistently good. Most aircrafts were in fair to good in cleanliness. The flight attendants were very good, friendly and attended to all of our needs. On our return flight my wife was injured and couldn't walk. We made arrangements with the airline in advance and they attended to all of her needs advancing us to the front of every line and helping us with our luggage. We were very surprised and well taken care of. I found that the service by the attendants to be excellent but I feel that the work loads on the was enormous. The attendants tried their best in serving our needs.
Ethiopian Airlines | “zero accountability for passengers” | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Ethiopian Airlines are never on time. Each flight that I seem to fly with this airline seems to have a minimum delay of an hour. They don't seem to care that people have connection flights or other important plans. I am currently sitting on the tarmac in the plane waiting to depart but we cannot because they are still loading cargo at the expense of their passengers. It is always at the expense of their passengers. My past flight with them we departed Namibia 3 hours late and most people missed their connection flights and Ethiopian Airlines told the passengers it was not their problem. They offered no assistance and left people to fend for themselves. They have zero accountability for their passengers. If I did not have to fly with them I would not. Ethiopian Airlines drastically needs to do something about customer services and ensuring that people are cared for correctly. You are providing a service to paying customers start acting like it.
Ethiopian Airlines | "there was nothing positive"  | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | The plane was very dirty, debris everywhere on the floor and between the seats. Broken TV screens, non-working buttons and service lights, there was nothing positive about these flights.
Ethiopian Airlines | "instructed my wife make seat upright" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | My wife had her seat (11D what they call a priority seat with extra charge) 50% reclined. Passenger behind on 12F didn’t like this and started shouting at my wife, touching and threatening her. Cabin crew passed by and instructed my wife make seat upright instead of protecting her. Incidence reported to supervisor, she investigated instantly and apologised, however, passenger continued misbehaving. Flight was full, many passengers had bigger luggage than allowed.  When we boarded, no more overhead locker space was available around our seat, we stowed the luggage at locker 15. At the time of debarking, luggage couldn’t be found. We had to wait until all passengers left to find the luggage in another compartment far away, crew had removed it?
Ethiopian Airlines | "a very pleasant flight" | 1 | Not Verified | Was a very pleasant flight, the crew was very helpful at all times, I was an unaccompanied minor, and throughout the journey the crew helped me with all the procedures, the flight was very comfortable. Would definitely use Ethiopian Airlines whenever I’m traveling and would recommend it to friends and family. Most of all Ms Leli was the best.
Ethiopian Airlines | “disgraceful service” | 2 | ✅ Trip Verified | I am writing this feedback out of sheer frustration and disappointment regarding the disgraceful service I have received from Ethiopian Airlines concerning my missing baggage. It has been 6 days since my flight ET940 & ET692 from KAN to Addis & Addis to MAA on 29 Jan 2025 and my baggage is still missing. Despite countless follow-ups, I have received little to no assistance, empty promises, and no reasonable compensation for the inconvenience your airline has caused me. The lack of accountability, professionalism, and basic customer service in handling this matter is unacceptable. I expected Ethiopian Airlines to value its passengers, but this experience has shown the complete opposite. My multiple attempts to get a clear update have been ignored, and instead of providing a real solution, your representatives have only offered vague and useless responses. Because of your airline’s negligence, I have suffered significant financial loss, stress, and inconvenience. I have been forced to replace essential items at my own expense, and yet Ethiopian Airlines has refused to take responsibility or offer fair compensation. This is completely unacceptable for an international airline that claims to care about its customers. Your handling of this issue is beyond disappointing—it is outright disrespectful to your passengers.
Ethiopian Airlines | "Crew was friendly and professional"  | 9 | ✅ Trip Verified | From Athens to Zanzibar on B737M8 and A350 all flights were on time. B737 was with no IFE and seats were uncomfortable for the 5 hour flight. A350 was with IFE and comfortable seats, our flight was only 2 hours. On ATH-ADD was offered dinner and on ADD-ZNZ was offered breakfast. Crew was friendly and professional. In Tanzania were very strict with carry-on bag, mine was 11 kg and they did not allow me to carryon, I had to check-in as a luggage. They allow 8 Kg carry on.
United Airlines | “don’t fly United” | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Always the same with United flying out of San Juan, Puerto Rico. Delay, delay. They wait until 5 minutes before boarding starts and then delay the flight due to flight crew hours, which should have been anticipated since the night before. My last two flights out of San Juan with them, same deal. I had to rebook my connection and had to pay $51 on top so I could secure one of three seats left, otherwise I would be on standby. No effort to get you a seat for free for your troubles. But I got the $15 food voucher; how lucky can I be. If flying out of San Juan do yourself a favor and don’t fly United. The fare is the cheapest of the major airlines, but you pay the difference and more the day of flying.
United Airlines | "Very bad customer service" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | I flew United on my last round trip from Raleigh to Cebu. The return flight was first from Korean Air and landed in Seoul. The United flight to San Francisco left a little past time but then had to return to the airport in Seoul. We were told the plane was out of balance, but there were other problems. They placed us on the skybridge with no food or drinks. No place to sit either. Finally back in the air and landed in San Francisco. Missed my connecting flight to Raleigh and had to wait another 13 hours for another flight. Asked the ticket agents and they just blew it off and laughed. No vouchers or compensation offered. Finally arrived in Raleigh and my luggage was lost. Filed a claim and the agent did not even know United had a flight come in that morning. Several phone calls to the luggage claims line and a customer service agent laughed about it. They did offer a measly credit but I refused because it only works on United flights. I do not recommend flying United Airlines. Very bad customer service and the flight delay was unreasonable.
United Airlines | "what I call customer service" | 9 | Not Verified | I was late for my United flight from Harrisburg to Seattle due to traffic caused by an accident. The phone bot was clunky but once I got through to an agent they were able to reschedule my reservation even though it was a basic economy ticket. That’s what I call customer service!
United Airlines | "one of the worst experiences" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Absolutely one of the worst experiences on an airline. I flew out of Cebu to Seoul. I made the connection and United took off close to the time scheduled. The pilot announced about 1 1/2 hours into the flight we had to return to Seoul because of a problem with the distribution of the weight on the plane. They placed us on the Skybridge, no food or drinks, nowhere to sit, and we finally took off again later. The attendants were not very friendly and unprofessional. We finally arrived in San Francisco and I missed my connecting flight. I had to wait another 13 hours for another flight. No meal vouchers or hotel vouchers while waiting a long time for another flight. I finally landed in Raleigh Durham and then United had lost my luggage. I had to file a claim with United and the agent did not even know they had a flight coming in that morning. I had to spend a lot of time calling and trying to find out about my luggage. The customer service representative laughed about it on the phone. I actually inquired about my luggage when arriving in San Francisco and also about the missed connection and the customer service representative laughed about it. It took another week to finally get my luggage back from United Airlines.
United Airlines | "crew really need an attitude check" | 5 | ✅ Trip Verified | Having flown this route several times now, my observation is that for some reason crew on this route all have the same attitude. The standard response to anything you say to or ask them seems to be "Uh-huh". There's plenty of eye-rolling in response to service requests. Food in Polaris is usually decent, but not this time. We were delayed out of IAD nearly two hours due to a mechanical issue with the nose wheel. I like the fact that it is nonstop overnight to W. Africa, but the crew really need an attitude check pronto.
United Airlines | "I’m done with this airline!" | 1 | Not Verified | Don’t talk to their representatives. They will charge you a $150+ fee on top of the difference in fare when you can book it on their app and just pay the difference. And they could care less! Unfortunately, I was in distress from missing my flight from Panama City to Houston thanks to my late driver and insane traffic, and listened to the agents at the United counters in PTY when they told me to call and have the reservation changed. I could have saved about $350 by completing the changes myself on the app. The reservation rep then booked the wrong day causing me to pay an additional cost to rebook again. I’m done with this airline! I’m now sitting here waiting to drop my bags and check in but there are no agents or kiosks. On the flight to Panama (a 4-hour flight), there was no inflight entertainment on the flight unless you used the app and if they didn’t offer earphones therefore you could not listen if you wanted to. They ran out of warm food and then said I had no miles to pay for the food when my miles were clearly listed and available to use on their app. Never again!
United Airlines | "competent but not especially glamorous" | 7 | ✅ Trip Verified | TPE-MFR via SFO, RT. All flights on time. Seat, bedding and entertainment are good. Staff very professional and food service was very quick. Food is edible, but certainly not like the meals on Singapore Airlines or Emirates. The food at the EVA lounge United uses in TPE is mediocre at best, and the lounges at SFO are incredibly crowded to the point of being ridiculous and uncomfortable. All in all competent but not especially glamorous experience. I would have given this a "9" or "10" if the lounges weren't so crowded.
United Airlines | "not received any compensation" | 1 | Not Verified | I took my annual vacation to Cebu Philippines in November 2024. The attendants are not very professional nor friendly. The return flight was even worse.  The flight from Seoul (ICN) was the biggest issue. The flight boarded and took off but had to return to the airport for a technical issue. The flight attendant said the plane was out of balance. This was after 1 1/2 hours into the flight. Then we were put on the Skybridge while the problems, more than just the weight distribution were fixed. One point to consider was I had a 7 hour layover in Seoul. We finally took off again after a long wait. Upon arriving in San Francisco (SFO), the connecting flight had taken off an hour earlier. I was supposed to have a 3 hour layover in SFO. I had to wait another 13 hours for another flight. no meal voucher, no hotel room, no compensation. After finally arriving in Raleigh (RDU) my luggage was not present. So I had to file a claim for lost luggage. No compensation or any concern about it. The Luggage claims desk did not even know there was a flight arriving that morning. I had to make numerous phone calls, one representative actually laughed about it. I have not received any compensation from United for their lack of professionalism, and availability to conduct a flight operation within a reasonable schedule.
United Airlines | "never fly United again"  | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | They downgraded me out of first class while simultaneously upgrading other passengers to my seat and separated me from my spouse and never provided explanation. The voucher they gave me was worth significantly less than the difference in fare. We also waited 90 minutes for our bags before clearing customs, which added even more stress to our international flight home. In addition, no one would even try to help us figure out why this happened. I will never fly United again.
United Airlines | “Such a fantastic flight” | 1 | Not Verified | Such a fantastic flight. Our flight attendant Jay was incredible! His demeanour was cheerful and friendly and I truly wish every attendant was like him. From the moment you got on the plane he had a positive energy and was respectful and helpful of all the guests. Love United and kudos for such a great team!
Turkish Airlines | "not the best business class" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | We just arrived in Istanbul at 8pm from Narita on flight that was 2h delayed (they informed us just before check-in) and missed our connection from Istanbul to Madrid. The transfer desk rescheduled us for the next morning at 6:45 and told us that while we are entitled to a hotel, they did not have any contracts with hotels near Istanbul airport and that for a downtown hotel the time is too short (as we would need to literally get back on a shuttle at 2 or 3am) - hence we should go to the business class lounge. We did and they had some 'suites' with beds to relax - but these are only available when your layover is between 4 and 9h - not the 12h we had (counting our non-delayed scheduled arrival and the newly scheduled departure). Hence, we could not get those suites - a rule that quite apparently should not be applied to cases where due to TA's failure we had to be rescheduled on such inconvenient terms. Yet, 2 lounge employees and their supervisor stood by that rule. I literally asked the supervisor why he was going to great lengths to make sure that we had a miserable experience if there was such a simple way to please a tired business class traveller. That's TA business class for me - will find other ways to travel to Asia in the future. In short, very clearly not the best business class airline.
Turkish Airlines | "They offered no compensation" | 1 | Not Verified | My recent experience left me extremely disappointed and frustrated. I purchased a round-trip ticket  for an international flight on March 19, 2025, and completed online check-in well in advance. On the day of my flight, due to a delay in a connecting United Airlines flight, I arrived at the Turkish Airlines counter 58 minutes before departure. Upon noticing the delay, I had contacted Turkish Airlines, who assured me that a note had been added to my reservation to allow for a brief waiting period. When I arrived at the counter, I was told that my check-in had been canceled. When I followed up with Turkish Airlines  I was shocked to receive a template response that ignored every point I raised. They offered no compensation.  I had paid for additional services (exit row seat and business upgrade on return), and I was left to cover the cost of replacement tickets.
Turkish Airlines | "crew were not friendly" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | I travelled back home with Turkish Airlines business Class and the Check in was terrible with long que at the business class desks and the Crew never handed out amenity kits for the flight home. I asked for a glass of wine with my meal and it never arrived so I asked again during my meal but still nothing happened. The crew were not friendly and seemed disinterested.  I contacted their Customer services on 13th March 2025 to get my membership activated so I could use Shop and miles but it has not been activated despite several attempts to contact the customer services the reply remains exactly the same and they don't answer any questions but simply say the activation is being worked on but I feel they have no intention of activating my membership.
Turkish Airlines | "$300 just to cancel the ticket" | 1 | Not Verified | We have flown with Turkish several times before without anything bothersome other than delayed baggage due to a late connection in Istanbul. But for this itinerary, purchased in April 2025 for a flight in July, we paid the fare indicated on the web site ($1095) and were given a receipt and promised an eticket in email within 24 hours. No eticket! The first phone agent said that there were $365 in taxes added to the fare in between the time we clicked on it and paid for it, thus they would not issue the ticket until we paid that. After talking to a supervisor, he agreed to reduce the extra payment by $100. Then I spoke to the "floor supervisor" who explained that it was not taxes, it was a glitch in their computer system and we must pay the $265. Finally he agreed to forget it and promised an eticket in 24 hours. No eticket! Now they want me to pay $300 just to cancel the ticket. And the supervisor (the same guy) refused to recognize what he had said before.
Turkish Airlines | "incredibly little legroom" | 3 | ✅ Trip Verified | I've been flying several times with this airline on the HEL-SIN route and usually found it to be a good airline, until things go wrong. Last year our return flight war a real adventure, but we wanted to give it the benefit of the doubt and booked again with the same company. This time I needed a more comfortable seat and booked a preferred seat, noticing that they advertised it as an extra legroom seat. I was wrong. The Facebook advertisement is misleading and I got it wrong, seating in a place with incredibly little legroom, less than in an ordinary seat on their A320s. I asked for a refund, given the fact that I felt misled into buying a product that does not exist, but they denied any responsibility and I threw away lots of mileage points for nothing.
Turkish Airlines | "Very bad experience" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | Very bad experience. First they canceled our seat reservation 2 weeks before our flight seperating our family with children. Then we called and they told us we couldnt do anything but wait for reimbursement (which takes 7 days and it was a full flight) and then pick our seats again. It was a full flight! I told them we didnt cancel it they did. He yeld at us saying we had to pay for seats. Finally they understood that i already Paid and they canceled us. We ended up with the same seats i reserved in the first place. Then i asked at the airport ticket stand to make sure our stroller got off with us when we arrived at Istanbul specifically said before we boarded that we need our stroller with a 6 hour layover, the lady put something on our stroller saying it will be taken off, they did not leave us the stroller for our baby and when we went to customer service they ran us around the Istanbul airport looking for their stupid strollers that are hard seats and dont lay back. We did not find anything. We were exhausted and they didnt help us at all. We walked in every direction they told us and we found no help. We had a lot to carry and a 1 year old who needed to nap. Now we missed our flight going home because our child became sick just before we left for the flight. Customer service couldnt even get us stand by and kept telling us they couldn't do anything. What's the point of customer service if they can't help their customers. The worst attitudes too. You pay all that money and they can't even help. They tried to sell us a one way ticket that was more than what we paid for our entire trip. We had a 2 week trip.
Turkish Airlines | "Seats on the A330 were comfortable" | 7 | ✅ Trip Verified | Checkin was very slow with just three counters open for the full flight. Boarding was unorganized and chaotic with just two gate agents being overwhelmed controlling the crowd. There were no boarding groups and at the end they gave up and it was free for all. As a result, the flight took off 50 minutes late. Seats on the A330 were comfortable with a responsible seat pitch. Service was good with ok food.
Turkish Airlines | "Keeping the cabin in total darkness" | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | I paid €68 to select two window seats on a daytime Turkish Airlines flight from Istanbul to Taipei, expecting to enjoy the view. However, on Turkish Airlines' new aircraft, the windows no longer have manual blinds—instead, they use an electronic dimming system that can be centrally controlled by the crew. On both the outbound and return flights (Istanbul–Taipei–Istanbul), the crew kept the windows fully dimmed the entire flight, despite multiple requests to adjust them even slightly. Their response? “Company policy.” One of the most frustrating parts was flying over China, where the high mountains were covered in snow—an absolutely spectacular view. But the only way to see it was through the bottom camera on the entertainment system, which is available from any seat. This is no substitute for a real view through an actual window. If this is their policy, why do they charge extra for window seats? This is misleading and unfair. Keeping the cabin in total darkness for daytime flights forces passengers into an unnatural sleep cycle. Many people, including myself, arrived at our destinations in the evening, unable to sleep at night and severely jetlagged. It makes you wonder—is this about passenger comfort, or just making the crew’s job easier by keeping people asleep? I reached out to customer service, expecting an explanation or resolution, but all I received were generic, copy-paste responses that ignored my concerns. Their final message made it clear that they would not take my complaint further, essentially telling me to give up and stop writing. It’s obvious that Turkish Airlines does not care about passenger experience.
Turkish Airlines | "they denied any compensation" | 2 | ✅ Trip Verified | I had an extremely disappointing experience with Turkish Airlines. During our recent trip, they broke our baby stroller, which we only noticed after leaving the terminal and reaching the parking lot. When we reported the issue and sought compensation, they refused to assist, citing that we didn’t report it immediately at the airport. Even though we raised the concern the same day after arriving home, their response was dismissive. They claimed the report should have been made on the same day if we had already left the airport, and they denied any compensation. The lack of accountability and poor customer service is unacceptable, especially when it involves essential items like a baby stroller. Their support team showed no willingness to resolve the issue fairly.
Turkish Airlines | “they don't care for your time” | 1 | ✅ Trip Verified | It would be bad citizenship if I don't write about my experience with Turkish airline. If you plan to book a trip in which ones possible airline option is Turkish, please make sure you have adjusted expectations. I travel often from the US to middle east and tried different airlines. This time I chose Turkish because it has sightly shorter duration on the longer leg compared to other service providers in the region (Qatar, Emirates, etc). But unfortunately I didn't get what I wanted (shorter trip) and also missed some other standard benefits. With Turkish airlines, you can happily book a flight and make travel plans accordingly. But the airline doesn't feel obliged to commit to that booking. They very very often cancel some legs of your flight likely due to the fact that the leg is not being fully booked. This selfish cost saving approach won't stop there. In my case, it led to a major layover duration increase (1.5 hr to 7 hr). And as you may have guessed, they don't care for your time and won't even mention a penalty. Having a 7 hr layover, I decided to book a lounge at Istanbul airport. I won't bother readers with describing quality and variety of accommodations at the lounge. But it's good to change your expectation about a lounge if you think it's supposed to be a comfy area for resting and good food. If you could find a spot to rest (like taking a nap), you should be proud of yourself. And lastly, after all the misery, we arrived at the destination (Newark NJ) with two out of five checked luggages missing! Again, it might be surprising to a regular reader, but it's very usual for Turkish airline staff if you ask them. The airline had only seven hours to transfer our luggages and this is indeed error prone. You may be more lucky with >10 hr layovers next time. Why am I writing this? Just to vent a little. I'm sure the effect would be minimal. But I also hope this helps some future travelers to dodge the bullet if they have other options.
